The
SECRET
Behind
SECRET
SOCIETIES
“fe
Jon RappoportCopyright 2003 by Jon Rappoport
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 98-61063
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be
reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means,
electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording,
or any information storage and retrieval system, without
permission in writing from the publisher.
Photoshop cover painting composed by Patrick Deluz
from an idea suggested by Jon Rappoport.
Backcover photo of Jon Rappoport by Erica McGrath.
Page design by David Sielaff.
Printed in the United States of America
ISBN: 0-939040-08-5
Published by
Truth Seeker Co., Inc.
P. O. Box 28550
San Diego, California 92198
Special Issue — Limited Edition — 1998
Second Printing — Limited Edition — 2003
Website: http:/ /truthseeker.comThe
SECRET
Behind
SECRET
SOCIETIES
Liberation of the Planet
in the 21st Century
“fe
Jon RappoportOther books by
Jon Rappoport
Ownership
of All Life
Notes on Scandals,
Conspiracies and Coverups
Madalyn Murray O’Hair
“Most Hated Woman
in America”
Oklahoma City Bombing
The Suppressed Truth
AIDS INC.
Scandal of the Century
(with David Icke)
Lifting the Veil:
David Icke Interviewed by Jon Rappoportto my wife, Laura,
Bonnie Lange,
and Richard JenkinsIntroduction
The way of the secret society is a way of life. At its root, it
is not grinning skulls and sputtering candles in dark rooms.
It is not that provincial.
The secret society reflects one invisible tradition that has
existed on Earth for a hundred thousand years. It is the main
Way that people have lived on this planet.
There is another way, another tradition, more invisible,
more powerful.
This book is about these two avenues.
It is amazing, at this late date, that so many people think
power is merely a cake of clay that six billion of us are beat-
ing at with hammers. It is astonishing that so many people
think power is a mound of lumps and dust that six billion of
us are fighting over.
Power has been taken by very well-run organizations.
Major power.
On the other side of the coin, there is a growing crowd
that thinks we must invoke fire-eating lizards or Satan to
explain how power has been stolen from us.
This is a book about the organizations that have carted
off something very vital in the middle of the night — and
how to get it back. More than that, it is about the exact methods
used to unhook us from all that we are.
I have done enough excavation to expose the central ruse,
to show two invisible traditions of history.
I have gotten into the shiny stainless steel vault in the big
bank, looked around, and pointed out the obvious. And then
after that I have refused to budge.
I believe we are grappling, as if in a dream, with the layers
of anesthetic that surround the core of our being.
12
Jon Rappoport
This book is a search for ... what? A platform from which
to view the place in ourselves which could revolutionize the
future.
This search is not new, and we have all been over signifi-
cant ground before. But we turn away, we demean ourselves,
we fabricate existence and lessen its meaning. We pay allegiance
to myths and gods, we accept a shrunken view of history.
But in history are veins of master substance, as it were,
that can lead us back to ourselves in a new way.
The style of this book is not to set out, like file cabinets, a
precise robot-march of facts which ultimately spell out a
hypothesis. I rather take you along on my own adventure of
discovery, because I want you to see and feel something, not
merely make notes in the machine-part of the mind.
These days, the terms cult, secret society, and religion are
all so loaded that their meanings are melting down.
I use cult and secret society to mean: organized groups
which harbor a hidden agenda whose purpose is to domi-
nate and control others.
This agenda doesn’t rule out the existence of a merry public
face. In fact, a cult may be doing good in one sphere while
destroying life and limb on another front.
In this book, religion means a group which has a hierarchi-
cal power structure leading up to an invisible God. Naturally
the God favors the religion which worships Him. Otherwise,
why bother?
Most religions are secret societies. They have an agenda
which involves controlling their devotees, all their charity-
work notwithstanding.
Historically, people seek out secret societies and religions
and join them to gain freedom from pain and turmoil. People
also join because they are forced to. For example, the country
they live in leaves no choice. Such was the case in medieval
Europe, where the Roman Catholic Church held the wand
of dominance.
But there is another factor. The popular term for it these
days is mind control. It used to be brainwashing, hypnotism.
I will discuss that aspect at length, in an unusual way.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
3
When I use only the first name of a person, that name is
fictitious. The reason is the same in all such cases: to ensure
privacy. This book can offer much evidence to support its
conclusions, but it cannot rest on absolute proof. Because of
the nature of the subject, I have had to rely, in certain crucial
situations, on the testimony of anonymous sources.
[have also, as I say, chosen to rely on my personal experience,
because the story that will now unfold is empty without it.What city is this
Whose moments tremble
Azure sky and lime lights
Walking in the intersections
Through the squares of paradisePART ONEI
This is a book about missing history.
Iam taking core samples, drilling down into the strata of
invisible events and lives and persons that have been ignored.
The first core may seem a bit fantastic. But I am clearing
out a great deal of refuse, pushing off to the side some of the
delirium that has been clouding our curiosity.
Curiosity about what?
About another kind of life that is closer to our desires.2
June, 1960. The day after I graduated from Amherst Col-
lege, I packed my bags, left them in the hall closet of my
small empty dormitory and walked through the town.
I had lunch in the local diner and then dropped by several
off-campus houses to say good-bye to friends. Late in the
afternoon, I strolled to the top of the hill that looks out over
the College field house and the baseball diamond. I sat down
and thought about the rather amazing fact that I had just
finished four years of studying philosophy. A strange trip,
indeed. Most modern practitioners of this art favored a form
of analysis devoted to burying, and spreading lime on, their
famous predecessors, the Kants and Spinozas and Aristotles.
They were killing their ancestors. An interesting ritual, except
that it left the ground with nothing but old blood.
The subject of Western philosophy had really hit its Water-
loo just before the turn of the century, but few people were
willing to admit it. Science was then taking over as the muscle
man, and its message seemed to be: Everything, including
humans, consists only of atoms in motion. What may appear
to be free will, love, power, joy, wonder, consciousness and
the like are delusionary products of the movements of atoms
in the brain and the nervous system.
Back in my room I found a few stray things on the shelf of
my closet. There was a paper bag containing a small box of
pastels and a pad of sketch paper. A friend of mine from Mt.
Holyoke College had left them there months ago.
Without any thought, on a pure whim, I took the pastels
and a sheet of paper to my desk and sat down. I began to
draw a full yellow moon and clouds, which, over the next
hour, turned into something more interesting. It was the first
78
Jon Rappoport
time I could remember drawing since elementary school art
class.
I continued to work for several hours. Finally, I stopped
and took the sheet of paper off the desk and put it on the
wood floor. I stood over it and looked down. Among the
gray, yellow, and white masses, I saw a threading silvery
form. What was it? I kept staring at it. It reminded me of the
turn of a naked shoulder, or a narrow birch tree, but really it
was a suggestion of crackling energy. I was astonished that I
had somehow put it there.
The last thing I learned, or thought, at College was that
energy was a presence, no matter how brief, that could come
out of nowhere.
A silver line on a piece of paper suddenly meant far more
to me than four years at Amherst.
Why? Because it was my line.3
In 1961 I was twenty-three and living in New York. Fresh
from college, I was writing jazz reviews for Metronome, a well-
known magazine which was on its last legs.
On a spring afternoon, I quit (for the second time) my job
at a bookstore in Greenwich Village, and walked from
Sullivan Street to the Third Avenue branch to tell the owner.
He had left to go to lunch, so I hung around the shop and
put new deliveries on the shelves. A thin man in a loose-
fitting blue suit walked up to me and asked if we carried
Trevor-Roper’s World War II book on Hitler. I told him we
didn’t. I knew that because the big distributor who handled
those books had just cut us off from all deliveries for non-
payment of bills. The shelves throughout the store were thin-
ning out.
“Well,” the man said, “something on healing then.”
“We don’t have a category for that,” I said. “Unless you’re
interested in Wilhelm Reich.”
“T have those,” he said.
“They just came out. Grove Press.”
“Yes,” he said. “Your government finally lifted the ban.
But I’ve got them in German and French.”
“Where are you from?”
“T have dual citizenship. British and Indian.”
“T don’t see Indian.”
“My mother was. Stepmother. You know much about
Reich?” he asked.
“I’m reading the books.”
His face had a very steady look. “Reich was on the inside
trying to look out,” he said. “He found out a lot, for some-
one in his position.”
“That’s ridiculous,” I said. “A student of Freud, who
910
Jon Rappoport
breaks away from the teacher, and then is arrested by the
U.S. government and dies in jail? He’s an insider?”
“T know,” he said. “Inside’s a relative term. But compared
to Reich, the healing I’m talking about is on Mars. These
people don’t write books.”
“Then why did you ask for them?”
He shrugged. “You never know. What do you do?”
“Tm quitting my job in a few minutes.”
“Good. Then you can have lunch with me. I’m between
clients.”
“What kind of clients?”
“Sick people.”
“Doing all right in New York,” I said.
The owner of the bookstore was known for long 70-proof
lunches, so I didn’t wait for him. I left a note saying I was
quitting, and the man, whose name was Richard Jenkins, and
I walked over to the Cedar Bar on University.
That’s how the whole thing started.4.
Jenkins and I saw each other several times the next week.
He told me his wife Rachel was living in Algiers at the moment,
but she would be coming over soon. He was looking for an
apartment on the upper West Side the two of them could
settle into.
He alluded to some problems his mother was having
“with the authorities” in Bombay, but he didn’t spell the situ-
ation out.
He was thin and he was losing his light brown hair. He
reminded me of a British runner, one of those men who simul-
taneously appears a bit anemic and very fit. I put his age at
30.
Jenkins said he had lived most of his life in London and
Algiers. After several years in New York, he was ready to
call it home.
He knew about Wilhelm Reich’s maverick theories. The
orgone, which Reich coined as the term to describe the basic
particle of all energy, Jenkins said was “just one sample of a
family of energies” which applied to humans and the electro-
magnetic fields that permeated their bodies. Jenkins claimed
to have replicated a few of Reich’s esoteric experiments.
“They didn’t turn out right for me every time,” he said, “but
I worked out one good variation. A very small quantity of
metal and wood would, under exposure to orgones, yield a
little more wood and a little less metal. Transmutation.”
“What kind of exposure?” I asked.
“An orgone accumulator. Do you know what that is?”
“No.”
“It’s a space — a room, a closet, a cylinder, a tube — made
of alternating layers of organic and inorganic material. It
draws in energy.”
1112
Jon Rappoport
I was skeptical.
After a week of conversations at the Cedar Bar and in
Washington Square Park, Jenkins came over to my place on
71st Street. He examined my shelves of jazz records. “My
cousin Harriet Katcher is a friend of Bill Coss,” he said.
“Bill Coss publishes Metronome. I write reviews for them.”
He smiled a little. “Auspicious events at hand ... that’s
what my mother’s spiritualist friends used to tell me every
time a coincidence of any kind popped up.”
We listened to records by a piano player we both admired,
Herbie Nichols, then Jenkins stood up and said, “All right,
let’s go over to my studio. There are a few things I want to
show you.”
Jenkins lived on the second floor of a building on Lexing-
ton Avenue in the 30s. The apartment was a large one-room
studio with high ceilings and two big windows. The couch
was a disguised bed, and a kitchenette hid behind a screen
covered with a reproduction of a Tang Dynasty painting of
female dancers in a faded emerald-green atmosphere.
On one wall, from floor to ceiling, were shelves holding
clear bottles of herbs.
“These are for your clients?”
“Yes. Actually, not all of them are ill. In fact, many of them
are quite healthy. They’re trying to up the limit.”
“Up it to what?”
“Beyond what people accept as normal life.”
He poured us glasses of beer, we sat down near his small
desk in metal chairs and he spoke about his healing practice.
“None of these herbs are given for curing disease,” he
said. “At least not by me. I use them only to change energy.
When you do that, you’re into another domain.”
“What kind of energy?”
“One that integrates inside the body, that ties together
physical apparatuses.”
“T don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Look at it this way. I can fill you full of coffee and you
have more energy. But there’s a limit on it. It’s useful forThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
13
awhile, but then you develop an uncomfortable edge ... or if
not, you start building up side effects you aren’t aware of.
Your digestion is off, your acid-alkaline balance goes to hell.
On the other hand, I can figure out a way to impart energy to
you that normalizes blood pressure while it also makes your
thought processes slicker and easier — and there’s no draw-
back. If I can help you to relax, and you also feel more alert
and energetic at the same time, now we’re talking. And this
is elementary. There are subtleties about human energy that
have no language. They’re real. You can feel them, but we
have no way to explain it in plain English.”
A little while later, a middle-aged woman in a print dress
walked into the studio. Richard introduced her as Grace, and
he pulled out a massage table from a closet and set it up next
to the couch.
“T told Grace you might be here,” Jenkins said. “She said
it’d be all right if you watch. But you have to be quiet.”
Grace grinned and climbed up on the table and lay down
on her back. She closed her eyes, and Richard placed both
hands on her stomach.
He left his hands there for the next five minutes.
Then he moved his hands to the back of her neck. He
didn’t rub her neck, he just placed his hands there. He stayed
with that for about half an hour. It seemed to me that Grace
was now asleep but I wasn’t sure.
Finally, Richard put one hand on Grace’s knee for a few
minutes. Then he walked behind the screen and washed his
hands in the sink. During the whole session Richard had said
nothing, and Grace hadn’t spoken either. (In the totality of
the future sessions I would watch Richard give, he would
speak no more than once or twice.)
Grace opened her eyes and looked at me.
“T travel,” she said. “Different things happen to people. I
go places.”
“Is it like dreaming?” I said.
“Yes. It seems more real.”
Richard walked back into the room. “Grace is quite conscious
the whole time. Some people fall asleep or get groggy for
awhile.”14
Jon Rappoport
Grace sat up. “I saw a train station,” she said. “There was
a furniture store too. A man came up to me and asked for
money. He was wearing an expensive suit. I started smell-
ing coffee. Very good rich coffee. But I couldn’t see where it
was coming from.”
After Grace left, Richard told me she was “moving into
taste and smell” in her sessions with him. Those senses had
been in a vapid state, after an illness and a three-year mar-
riage gone bad, and now they were coming alive. Not just in
the sessions, but on a daily basis.
I listened to Richard talk about Grace and other clients,
and of course I was puzzled. He was just placing his hands
on them.
Richard said, “Where do you think this technique comes
from, what I was doing with her?”
“The laying on of hands,” I said. “Everybody knows. It’s
in the Bible, isn’t it? Christ curing the crippled, raising the
dead. Priests do it in last rites, don’t they?”
Richard laughed. “I see,” he said. “An allusion in the Bible
... and then nothing until today. Maybe not even one true
mention in the Bible, if you could read the original text. Is
that it? That’s a tradition? Where are the books? Where is the
teaching literature? Where's the whole history of it? Who were
the thousand teachers? Where’s the lineage, the ancestry?”
“How should I know?”
“Exactly!” he said. “You wouldn’t know because there is
none. I dare you to find it. Go look!”
“So?” I said.
He didn’t answer. But I felt a little uncomfortable. What
he was pointing out was odd. Something everybody has heard
of, everybody knows about — but where is the history?
I spent the next couple of days at the library. As far as the
laying on of hands was concerned — its teaching, its trans-
mission — the stacks were mute.>
For the next month, I watched Jenkins work on his clients.
Why? Because he let me and because it was fascinating.
Old people, children, sick people, people who looked in
the pink of health came into his studio. All he did was have
them lie down on his massage table. Then he placed his hands
on them.
In almost every case, people got up from the table feeling
very refreshed. Jenkins gave some people envelopes of dried
herbs for tea.
“T’m moving energy,” he said. “It’s not unheard of. I’m
taking their old encrusted energy and moving it off, into the
air. It breaks up like a little storm and becomes alive again,
disperses. That’s chapter one. But there’s a lot more going
on. You’ve heard of the chakras, the Asian tradition of seven
or eight or nine or twelve energy centers?”
“Vaguely.”
“They’re like train stations. Certain kinds of energy come
in and go out. It’s a system, a way to think about things.
Sexual energy comes in through one chakra, mental energy
through another, love or heart energy has a third train station.
But the truth is, there are thousands of energy centers in the
body. All over the place. They’re not the same from person
to person.”
“What kind of energy are we talking about?”
“Yes,” he said. “That’s what people want to know, par-
ticularly when they’re used to a medical view of things. The
accepted idea is, you get energy by burning fuel in the cells
and that’s it. Everything else is a fairy tale. But it isn’t a fairy
tale.”
Jenkins’ next client was Carl, a college student from NYU.
This was the boy’s second session. He couldn’t lie down. He
1516
Jon Rappoport
said he was too paranoid to close his eyes. He had been under
the care of a psychiatrist for six months, and during that time
his condition had deteriorated badly. From worry about
grades and alienation from his family, things had moved to
depression, paranoia, and recurrent high-tension jitters. Carl
had been given several powerful psychiatric drugs for three
months, and then, in terror, he had cut himself off from the
chemicals. He was sure they were turning his mind into
spaghetti. The withdrawals were horrendous, and he had
almost committed suicide. Now, three months later, he was
still on quite shaky ground.
“Go ahead and lie down on the table,” Jenkins said. “You
don’t have to close your eyes. If it becomes unbearable, then
you can sit up. I'll keep working on you.”
The boy stared at me. “Who’s this?”
“My new assistant,” Jenkins said. “He’s just watching. You
can trust him, don’t worry.”
Carl lay down on the table on his back and stared at the
ceiling. Immediately his face began to perspire. Jenkins put
his hands on Carl’s chest. I sensed this was going to provoke
a dramatic reaction. Instinctively I leaned back in my chair
near the window.
Carl started to scream, and then it cut off. He raised his
knees and his face contorted. He began saying “ah,” “ah.” It
wasn’t the sound of release, but of pain.
Jenkins pressed down on the boy’s chest and moved his
hands in circles. After ten seconds or so Carl stretched out
his legs and stopped making sounds. He closed his eyes and
lay there stiff as a board. Jenkins kept moving his hands
around in circles.
A few minutes passed. Carl’s body started to relax. Tears
rolled down his cheeks.
Jenkins moved his hands to the sides of Carl’s face. He
held them there for five minutes or so. Carl’s breathing was
now deep and audible. Jenkins rubbed the boy’s hands and
then his feet.
He placed his hands back on Carl’s chest and left them
there for the next half hour. The breathing slowed down.
Every few minutes different parts of Carl’s body twitched.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
17
It seemed to me he eventually fell asleep.
Finally, Jenkins rubbed the boy’s scalp vigorously. This
caused his client to open his eyes. Jenkins moved one hand
over Carl’s face, as if searching for a spot. He settled on a
place at the top of a cheekbone and put one finger on it. After
a minute he took his finger away and then also the hand that
was still rubbing Carl’s skull.
“That’s all,” Jenkins said. He walked behind the screen
and washed his hands. Carl sat up, took out a comb and
combed his hair. He stood and walked past me to the window
and looked down at the street. He was quiet.
Jenkins came back in the room. “Anything you want to
report?”
The boy shook his head. He walked past Jenkins to the
door. “I feel better,” he said. “I'll see you next week.”
He left.
Over the next few weeks, I saw Carl’s demeanor change
dramatically. He relaxed, talked with Jenkins and me, said
he had started playing basketball again. In high school, sports
had been his whole life.
Basically, in several sessions, Jenkins had put Carl on the
right track again.
Jenkins gave me the following assessment: “Carl hates
his parents. If they say they want him to be happy, then he
makes sure it doesn’t happen, because he knows they’d
misinterpret it. They’d refuse to accept his satisfaction, they’d
stay on his ass and keep insisting he do this or that. He can’t
win. So he gets into a severe bind, and that bind is energy.
With me, he could see I didn’t care. I didn’t want anything
from him. So he let the bind do what it wanted to — which
was unwind and disintegrate.”
“That's not the whole story,” I said. “What about the circles
you made on his chest?”
“That vortex,” Jenkins said. “I put it there. I’m not just
removing, I’m introducing compatible energies. When I did
that, at some level he remembered what it’s like to be more
powerful, and he accepted it. He bought in.”
“Carl wasn’t really that bad off, then,” I said.18
Jon Rappoport
Jenkins smiled. “Yes and no. You're right. He looked worse
than he was. He had a lot more resilience than you would
suspect, given the way he was acting. But on the other hand,
if he didn’t have this experience with me, if he had just gone
on thinking that things were terrible, in another year he
would have been in bad shape. Maybe not in a mental ward,
but definitely in a state of hardened cynicism about life on
every front.”
“T don’t know,” I said. “Is he really that stable?”
“We'll see. I’m only saying he’s reached up out of the pit
and seen the sun again. He can jump back in. Hopefully he'll
learn a few things while he’s all right, and he’ll reject the
idea of going back down.”
Jenkins rubbed a cloth over his massage table. “You think
the circles on his chest were important?” he said.
“There was a force going in, wasn’t there?”
“Yes,” Jenkins said. “There was. What color was it?”
“How should I know? I didn’t see it. I’d say orange. That’s
what it felt like.”
Jenkins didn’t say anything.
Two days later, he gave me a client to work with.
I was galvanized. I had a strong sense that Jenkins had
created energy and put it into Carl. That he invented the energy
out of nothing or shaped it from ... already existing energy.
From the air, so to speak.
Something outside the resolute laws of mechanical physics.
Why not?
It could even be outside the closed system of energy called
the physical universe — which suddenly seemed to me like
a box, a not very important box.
I was immensely pleased.
I had already begun painting on large rolls of paper in
my apartment on Bleecker Street. A friend of mine from
high school, a painter, lived nearby, and he would drop
over to my place and make encouraging comments. I was
untutored and rebellious and I was launching myself and
I didn’t care. I painted faces and shapes and laid the
colors on liberally, looking for strange and exciting
combinations. Most of this would be labeled “abstract,”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
19
but the feelings coming off the canvases were anything
but abstract to me. They were strong and thrilling and
they didn’t have names.
To me, what Jenkins was doing, and what the paint-
ings showed, were of the same family. Energy. Every
time. In unique events.
I absolutely wouldn’t let go of this.
I was steering without much of a rudder and that
was just fine with me.G
Carol was a fifty-year-old artist who lived in Brooklyn.
She took the subway to Jenkins’ studio every week. She’d
been seeing him for almost a year. For her, the whole process
of healing was putting her in touch with “other realms.”
She was agreeable to Jenkins’ suggestion that I do a few
sessions on her.
Jenkins hadn’t briefed me. He had only told me to con-
centrate on her feet and hands. So that’s what I did during
the first appointment — and like Jenkins, I maintained
silence. I found as I held Carol’s feet that they weren’t quite
still. If I focused well enough, I could feel small shifts and
movements. Likewise, my own hands were moving too, very
slightly.
After the first half hour, I began to feel as if I were steer-
ing a vessel. Carol and I were connected. An energy between
her feet and my hands set up a field. In that field certain
movements were “advisable.” I would move and then she
would move, at an almost imperceptible level. Together we
were orchestrating something. I didn’t know what it was.
What I was doing didn’t have a name, but it was definitely
navigation of a kind.
By the end of the hour her feet were very warm. I stepped
away from the table and sat down by the window. She lay
there with her eyes closed for a few minutes and then rolled
over on her side and looked at me.
“T saw a city,” she said. “An aerial view. Then I was in
among the buildings. Right now I can feel energy streaming
from my head all the way down.”
Jenkins made tea. As we sat and talked, Carol said her
eyesight seemed sharper. “It'll be interesting to go back home
and look at my work.”
20The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
21
After she left, Jenkins and I took a walk over toward the
East River “You're on the right track,” he said. “I’m going to
give you a few more people to work with. Don’t worry about
what to do. I'll fill you in as we go along. I won’t show you
methods. You just need to keep steering, as you say. You have
the knack. You see, if you steer into a place where nothing is
happening, you have a choice. You can stay there and wait.
Eventually something will happen. Or you can just go some-
where else.”
The bizarre part of it was I knew what he was talking
about.7
I worked with Jenkins’ clients over the next three months.
He asked me not to talk to anyone about what I was doing,
so I didn’t.
I told him I had been to a number of good libraries in the
city, and I had found no real texts on this practice we were
now both involved in.
“T learned it in Algiers from another Englishman,” he said.
“His name was Joseph Linwood. He may be dead now. He
was a friend of my father.”
“Did he write anything down?” I said.
“No.”
Jenkins showed me books of notes he kept on clients. They
weren't case histories. They were his own thoughts on what
he was doing with them. A note might say, “More circles.”
Or “Try spiral shape.” “Press harder.” “She’s coming to the
end of her sleep phase.” “Her stomach is full of shapes. Bring
them to the surface.” “Behind his knees. Work there a lot.”
“Put red into the chest.”
I copied down some of these notes. One longer one said,
“She’s working from water, not fire. Very little earth. I can
try to change the balance or go with the tendencies that are
there. For the next year or so, I should accept the situation.
She runs into obstacles, but with this water emphasis, she
survives. She outlasts everybody around her, because the
water is coming from a huge supply. The flow doesn’t shut
down. Psychically she changes shape.”
All of these notes, to me, were on one level nonsense. But
right next door, on another level, they were navigation-
directions. I was already seeing the effect of literally putting
colors into the bodies of the people I was working on. Some-
times I had the colors flow through my hands. Sometimes I
22The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
23
just bypassed the hands and introduced them directly. You
may say this was a delusion on my part. Perhaps, but that
was my impression. To me, there were no superior hues. They
all had their moments, and the situation could shift quite
quickly. I read fragments of spiritualist and metaphysical
texts, but they always assigned specific values and mean-
ings to various colors. Immediately I rebelled against this.
For example, I had a client report a significant upward
shift in energy level and improved digestion the week after I
moved the color black into his stomach. The next week black
was completely out of the picture. I sensed it was time for
silver and copper.
Likewise, I was finding out that there was no standard
sequence of places on the body: You didn’t place your hands
on the head and then go to the neck and from there to the
chest, etc. One day that might work, but on another day I felt
I should start with the feet or spots above the kidneys.
One client, a middle-aged accountant, released a huge
amount of stress when I placed my hand on his arm just below
the shoulder. On that day, that was the place.
Jenkins was pleased that he didn’t have to convince me
to abandon all systems. In fact, I began to get the feeling that
this was a major reason he continued to work with me.
I felt the similarity between healing and painting. Not just
the colors, but the style of working. The improvisation.
Creation is a slippery word, and we sometimes take it to mean
a remote consciousness imposing a completely pre-worked-
out plan on a blank space or “unformed matter,” but the kind
of creation I was experiencing was much closer to the action.
Doing sessions with Richard’s clients, I was reacting to what
I sensed were their changing states of energy and feeling. It
was all intuitive and very immediate and subjective. In the
same way, working on canvas or paper I was building or
moving from one brush stroke to another, from my own
reaction to a mass of color I’d just put on the canvas to the
next shape, the next mass.
I watched Richard, and he too seemed to be working on
people in a very spontaneous way, assessing their “energy-state”
in the moment and then doing something in response.24
Jon Rappoport
It was natural to me. I was at home. When I went to the
Metropolitan Museum — three or four times a week — |
had to adjust to appreciate the worlds of painting that were
more contemplatively organized.
Creation, imagination. These were words that had many
more meanings than they appeared to. At times, I felt that
Richard was actually merging with the person on his table.
He was resonating to such a degree, he was so empathic
that separation between them fell away. Was that imagina-
tion? Creation? It was to me. But it was seamless, without
fanfare. It was an action wedded to the moment and so im-
mediate. I also felt at times — and this I had never seen be-
fore — that Richard became a worshipper of the person on
the table. There was no sign, no ritual. He just fell into a few
moments of direct felt worship — more than devotion or
concern. Much more. A flash of ecstasy would appear on his
face. And then he would pass on to something else.
How he moved around the table, his grace — it was a
kind of understated art.
A dance.
Just before Christmas, 1961, Jenkins’ wife Rachel came to
New York from Algiers through Mexico. He and I didn’t see
each other for several weeks. Then he called and told me we
needed to talk. The next afternoon we met in Central Park.
Rachel was with him. She was a tall woman with very fair
skin, green eyes, and black hair.
“Richard’s told me about you,” she said right away. “I’m
glad he’s found somebody to work with.”
The three of us walked through the Park up to 72nd Street.
Rachel did most of the talking.
“What Richard’s shown you so far is just the tip of the
iceberg,” she said. “I understand you've brought about some
good energy changes in people. In a year’s time you'll see a
few quite spectacular things. Recoveries from debilitating
conditions. Dramatic changes in personality. Withdrawn
people becoming confident. All that. I’ve been doing research
in North Africa and England. We’re looking for the next link
in the chain.”
“What chain?” I said. She seemed to be fitting me into a
scenario of her own making.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
25
“The Linwood,” Rachel said. “That’s where it starts for
us. You met Richard. Richard met Joseph Linwood. Linwood
was his teacher. We’re looking for the next connection back
in time.”
Richard said, “It fits together.”
I said, “This is just an intuitive way of working with
people. Every new client is like reading a book. The learn-
ing, if you want to call it that, has no set sequence. Things
fall into place naturally.”
Rachel started a new line of conversation with Richard.
She mentioned names that meant nothing to me. One of them
was Edward Clark.
Later on, back at the studio on Lexington Avenue, Rich-
ard explained.
Edward Terry Clark had been the vice-president of the
Sterling Drug Corporation in America. For many years he
ran a lobby group in Washington. This lobby promoted the
interests of I.G. Farben, a consortium that eventually became
the infamous Nazi chemical and pharmaceutical cartel.
Clark’s Farben lobby was active even during World War II.
“Clark maintained a collection of personal papers,” Ri-
chard said. “After he died in 1956, his wife sold the papers
to aman named Charles Kohn, who owned a collector’s shop
in Washington D.C. Kohn no longer owns them. They’ve van-
ished.”
“What the hell does this have to do with anything?” |
said.
“We're trying to build a road back into history,” Rachel
said. “Do you understand? We’re searching for one of the
people who did this healing — a friend of Linwood, a Ger-
man. He was part of an effort to fight the Nazis. Maybe he
was mentioned in Clark’s papers, the missing papers.”
Richard could see I was confused. “We’re rushing things
with you,” he said. “It’s because I don’t know how long we'll
be in New York.”
“T thought you were going to stay here,” I said.
“That was the plan,” Rachel said. “But the trail is taking
us back to Europe. The reason you’ve come up with nothing
in those libraries is clear. And it’s very important. We’re not26
Jon Rappoport
dealing with a written tradition here. This healing, we be-
lieve, goes back a long, long way. If there’s a literature, it’s
not visible. We feel this is an oral tradition.”
“Starting when?” I asked.
Rachel smiled. “Name a number. Ten thousand years
ago?”
Richard said, “As I think you’re beginning to understand,
this healing isn’t a system. Imagine trying to impart it down
through time. How can it be written about? You have to be
there, with somebody who does it, to see what it is. And then
if you don’t have an aptitude, things go nowhere.”
Rachel said again, “There is Richard, and then going back
in time there is Linwood. And then there is this other younger
man who worked with Linwood, the German, a strong anti-
Nazi in the 1940s. We think we know his name. I’ve been
researching him. We want to trace the line back as far as we
can.
yy
“Why?” I said.
“Because we think the healing Richard does is only a
fragment of the original work. There’s more, and it’s very
wide-ranging.”
“Only a fragment?” I said.
“That's right,” Richard said. “Tantalizing, isn’t it?”
“We don’t want to lose this,” Rachel said. “There are a
hundred things Richard can do with energy, and all of it is
beneficial. He can sense various energies and how they’re
moving in a person at a given moment. He can feel that. His
teacher, if you want to call him that, Linwood, showed him
he had that capacity. He awoke Richard to the fact that he
had that aptitude. Linwood had previously tried to work
with three or four other people, but success was very limited.
Richard has, in London and New York, come across a few
people who seemed promising. None of them panned out.
Now he’s found you. It’s very early, but so far the prospects
are good. If we had the time, you and Richard would work
together for another few years. You would encounter some
amazing phenomena, and through conversation and spend-
ing time together, you’d see much more about how this heal-
ing works. But we can’t. We have to go to the trail while it’sThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
27
warm. You're interested in writing and research. We can
continue to work together. You can help us from here ...”
I wasn’t following this very well, and I thought the whole
thing sounded too precious, but I didn’t say anything.
Late that night, Richard gave me my first session. It lasted
about half an hour. He just put his hand on my chest and left
it there. I dropped off the edge of a cliff into a level below
thought. My mind still chattered away, but I wasn’t part of
it. Instead, I lay in an energy pool, and the quality of it was
quite peaceful. Long radiations of some kind moved out from
me. I had very brief silent conversations with people I’d never
seen before who seemed familiar. My breathing slowed
down. I saw a house in a field full of stones and small trees.
As I realized I was looking at the house, it grew very bright
and vanished without a sound. After
of peace flooded through me.
a moment, a sensation
After the session, walking home, my body felt fluid,
coordinated in a way I'd never experienced before.
I thought about Richard. He had shown me almost noth-
ing. The intelligence of his approach, if it could be called an
approach, was in his complete lack of interference.
But as far as an historical tradition was concerned, I didn’t
see how that was possible. Without a system, how could
learning be passed down?
The next morning I jotted down a few quick things:
— Do you have to put energy into the body of the person?
— Not necessarily. If you want to, you do. But you can do
nothing too. Just lay your hand on his head.
— Do you move energy that’s already there in his body?
I was beginning to get more interested in what I was doing.
I was making a leap of faith, deciding that my subjective
impressions of this so-called healing process were real.
I went to the phone and called Richard. There was no
answer.
Then for three days there was no answer.28
Jon Rappoport
On the fourth day, Saturday, I went to the studio. Nobody
came to the door when I knocked.
I found the superintendent on the stairwell above the
second floor.
“They’re gone,” he said.
“Moved out?”
“Yes.”
I felt strange.
“Ts there a forwarding address?”
“No,” he said.8
On Monday, two of Richard’s clients showed up at my
door.
They told me Richard had referred them to me. So I
worked on them, on my bed. Late that afternoon I went out
and bought a massage table.
In the following weeks, I worked on a dozen of Richard’s
clients.
Part of the time I was sure I was doing absolutely noth-
ing to help them. At other moments I thought of myself as a
masseur. Occasionally something, a connection, would
stream into being, and energy would course between the
client and me. Why was I even calling them clients? That
seemed such an odd name. Were they patients? Were they
just people who lay down on a table?
Between sessions I would take long walks in Washing-
ton Square Park. I would try to dream up systems of work-
ing, as if there were a true energy map of every body and it
was the same for all people. Through a friend I obtained a
chart of acupuncture points. I studied this bewildering grid
and tried to make sense out of it. Of course I was completely
without skill to make traditional Chinese diagnoses.
One day Evelyn, a fifty-year-old nurse, showed up at my
apartment for her appointment. I had given her three or four
sessions since Richard’s disappearance. On this afternoon
she looked a little pale and tired. She lay down on the table
and immediately fell asleep. I was moving my hands in slow
circles on her back, just because it seemed the right thing to
do, when I began to see a very bright blue color in the space
between us. Evelyn made a muffled sound, and then sat up-
right. She stared out the window.
“Did you see that?” she said.
2930
Jon Rappoport
“See what?”
“A man’s face. It got clearer and then it faded out.”
Evelyn slid off the table, and without a word she put on
her jacket and walked out of the apartment. About fifteen
minutes later she came back. Her face was very bright. The
paleness was completely gone.
“T don’t know what happened,” she said, “but I feel a
hell of a lot better.” She sat down on the floor and did a few
stretches. “My body feels flexible,” she said. “This healing
... it’s irrational. You can’t put your finger on something and
say that’s it, that’s what happens.”
“T know,” I said, “and it’s driving me crazy. I don’t know
what to say to all these people.”
“Don’t worry about it,” she said. “Just work on them.
They came to you. Richard recommended you, obviously,
before he left. So just do what comes naturally and forget
everything else.”
It was decent advice.
By the fall of 1962, I was feeling a bit more confident. I
could rely on the fact that by placing my hands on a person
a process began automatically, and one of the main features
was the client’s tendency to “drop off a cliff” and move into
other realms of experience. It worked this way: For a brief
or long period, while I had my hands on a person, he would
think. The thinking, the radio stations in the head, would
continue. Then the consciousness of the person would slide
off the edge of that dimension into a place where thinking-
thinking-thinking wasn’t the defining rule. In this new space
there were unusual images or sensations of energy or a sense
of place:
“T was ina city. There was a turnstile at a gate.
put a package in my hand.”
A person
“T went to a school. There was singing. It got louder, then
softer.”
“A woman turned around and the purple in her dress
became very bright.”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
31
“There was sky, and then a piece of furniture. A cabinet. I
was in a room and a man walked toward me. My face got
hot.”
In every case, the imagery happened fast. It just came upon
the client. It was vivid. The meaning was usually unclear.
But afterwards, a sense of peace moved in. Relaxation of mind
and body, an easy-going clarity, and sometimes that well-
oiled feeling in the body.
This wasn’t the limit of what happened during these ses-
sions, but it was a groundbase, a familiar place.
I had something to talk to Jenkins about, and he was gone.
I hadn’t heard from him, and neither had any of his cli-
ents.
But I began to think that Richard and Rachel’s idea about
a tradition might have merit. There was something so natu-
ral about some of my sessions that I felt they must reflect a
process that was part of being human. Perhaps at distant
times in history, whole communities or populations worked
in this way with one another. It could have been thought of
as a kind of “travel,” because people did have a sensation of
moving or suddenly showing up in unlikely places, in scenes
that were “out of a different reality.”
We, of course, in this century, in the West, were married
to the idea that the reality in front of us was the only one —
unless we also happened to believe in a heaven you could
go to when dead. I liked breaking through that, to show that
there were other places, realms, dimensions. The sensation
that came to mind was of walls falling down.9
In October of 1962, Evelyn was offered a job at a hospital
in Colorado. She accepted. She came to see me for her last
session.
“Once I heard Richard talk about Jung,” she said. “He
told a few of us that Jung’s true contribution was pointing
out the shadow self, the part of ourselves that we shut off
from the world. The self that contains our darker side. Rich-
ard said his work was an attempt to integrate the sides, dis-
solve the walls between energies and let them run together.
The integration would let us really live ...”
I said to Evelyn, “What still gets me is this crazy idea of a
tradition handed down from teacher to student, when there
really isn’t any teacher because there isn’t any system.”
Evelyn said, “Remember, you only had a short time with
Richard. But over the course of four or five years — if you’d
had that long — a lot would have passed between you two.”
She took out a piece of paper and handed it to me.
“This is for you,” she said. “Richard mailed it to me. The
postmark was Greece. There was no return address.”
I felt as if I was suddenly a character in a melodrama.
The handwriting was Richard’s. The cryptic note said:
“Sorry for the fast exit. You’re part of our group now. To be
able to pass into every energy and pass through it. That’s
the work and that’s the group. It’s the best kind of society.
There are no blockages allowed. Nobody tries to hold on to
anybody else.”
“What group?” I said.
“T don’t know,” Evelyn said. “The one he’s trying to
trace?”
“Go back more than thirty years and everyone would be
dead.”
32The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
She shrugged and got up on the table.
I gave her a session.
That was the last time I saw her.
3310
By November of 1962, I was down to two clients a week.
In part this was because I had begun to paint for long hours
at a stretch, and my apartment was overrun with canvas and
board and tubes and cans.
Although I had no formal training in art, I was determined
to jump ahead.
The riot of colors and the non-realistic shapes I was put-
ting on canvases was like having music in my mind at all
times. A recurrent theme I found or imagined in the can-
vases was great wars of beings in the sky. There were also
nostalgic moments of streets and roads from childhood and
from what I took to be other existences and other times. A
white twisting painted shape in a field of blue would sud-
denly hit me like a revelation, but there would be no lan-
cuage to describe it.
After five or six hours of painting without a break, I would
walk out on to the street, and the buildings would have a
life of their own. They would speak. It was as if those build-
ings were describing their own shapes and the descriptions
were their very existence. Materials at a nearby construc-
tion site were letters of some living alphabet. That its mean-
ing was not literal made no difference to me. In fact, for that
reason, the impact was all the more thrilling.
Today somebody might call that an altered state or a hal-
lucination or ... whatever. I didn’t call it anything. It seemed
close to a key turning in a fantastic lock. Tantalizing. It was
a bit unsettling but I tried to stay with it.
Just before Thanksgiving, I received a letter from Richard. It
was postmarked Phoenix, Arizona, but the first line read, “We're
not in Arizona. We’re using this Post Office Box.”
34The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
35
Richard wrote: “We've located Linwood. For five years
we didn’t know where he was, or whether he was alive. He’s
still twenty years older than I am, only now I’m forty-eight,
and he’s slowed down. I’ve been giving him sessions every
day, and he’s coming around, but he’s pretty discouraged.
There’s a mental attitude of defeat. It’s like a rock. He’s sur-
rounded by people who have that too, and it isn’t doing him
any good. They combine their small picture of themselves
with a spiritualist bent. They have a group and a leader, and
they talk incessantly about a Plan for Humanity. The world,
of course, will be saved only by The Plan. I know people can
be moved to do heroic things through their faith, but in this
case it’s clear these devotees are building a metaphysical
structure to supply the energy they can’t find in themselves.
They admire Linwood and his work, but they insist on ap-
plying what they get from him to the damn Plan. It all fits
in, according to them. They have a little cult going. I’m not
privy to their secrets. Linwood has come to rely on them for
steady income. We need to get him into a new apartment,
maybe move him out of the city altogether.
“I’m sorry we had to leave so quickly, but we got the word
about Linwood, where he was, and we didn’t know what
kind of shape he was in. The story was he was very ill. That
was exaggerated, as it turned out.
“At the same time we’re dealing with all this, we’re car-
rying on the search for the other person, who’ll have to re-
main nameless for the time being. The younger German con-
temporary of Linwood. We believe he’s still alive. Both he
and Linwood took up this healing from the same couple, I
think. That’s how the lineage goes back.
“The German is the anti-Nazi we spoke to you about. He
may have been active in Paris during World War II. We’re
not sure. Our search needs to be invisible. That’s why all the
secrecy. There are apparently people around, ex-Nazis, who
still like their old philosophy and still want to take over the
world. I’m not talking about a few lunatics drinking in bars
in Bolivia. As far as I can tell, these people are serious and
they have resources. Whatever happens, we don’t want to
give away our German friend’s location — if we can find it.36
Jon Rappoport
According to Linwood, although the man was a healer, he
has extensive information on the Nazis which is still some-
how relevant to current affairs. We’re not sure what this is
all about. All we’re getting so far is that some people view
the Nazis as a kind of continuing secret society. Any help
you can give us on this would be appreciated.
“Don’t know whether you’re still working with clients.
I’m sure much is happening with your life ...”
What possible help could I give Richard and Rachel?11
In the winter of 1963 I moved to Los Angeles. I settled
into a small apartment in Santa Monica three blocks from
the ocean, rented a garage to convert into a studio for
painting, and started teaching at a private high school in
West Los Angeles.
In March, I met the father of one of my algebra stu-
dents. He was a musician who had retired from symphonic
work after he’d made a great deal of money in local real
estate.
This man had relatives who'd survived the Nazi death
camps. He spent an evening at my apartment explaining
his own view of the Nazi regime:
“You have to understand that, on the surface, these
men, all the way up to Hitler, were just clever and ruth-
less politicians. They fronted for corporate gangsters in
their own country, and they had the support of scientists
who were transforming their society technologically. They
gave out a message of pride to the German people.
“But Hitler and some of his key people were engaged
in cult-sadism. It’s strange when you think about it. Here
they were, talking about the Aryan personality, the youths
with yellow hair and blue eyes, and they made these films
that showed boys and girls doing gymnastics in the bright
sun. They had a pagan belief that the sun was the source
of all things, all life. But then the SS uniforms were black,
and they doted on the occult, the darkness.”
3712
For the next ten years, I lived and worked teaching in Los
Angeles.
I continued to write and paint. Nothing was more impor-
tant to me. I sold paintings and drawings now and then, and
had a few poems published in American magazines.
Between 1963 and 1973 I received two letters from Richard.
The first, in 1965, was brief. He and Rachel were still with
Linwood “in Europe,” and were still looking for their German
counterpart. Linwood, apparently, hadn’t been very helpful
in that regard.
... The second letter, eight years later, like the first, was
sent through Phoenix. It was dated February 15th, 1973, and
was longer. Richard said Linwood had died the year before,
“peacefully.”
Richard and Rachel were spending some time at her
mother’s, wherever that was, but they would be “moving
soon.” Richard’s mother was coming to join them.
“T don’t suppose you've done much healing work in all
these years,” Richard wrote, “but you still have it in you to
pick it up again, even without any close compatriots around.
It’s a shame we couldn’t have spent more time together. The
whole business in New York may seem to you nothing more
than a dim memory, a fantasy, and as you let us know in one
of your letters you’re painting now. That is its own world,
and perhaps the sense of healing, as something in and of
itself, doesn’t penetrate anymore.
“We still haven’t found our German friend. He may be
dead, but I don’t think so.
“T have a few clients, and it pays the rent. Rachel is teach-
ing English two mornings a week to private students. We live
38The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
39
modestly, and don’t mind it. I still firmly believe that I have
just scratched the surface, as far as my work goes. There’s
something else in this tradition of ours which hasn’t surfaced.
It is vital, and it goes back a long way. I’m determined to do
whatever I can to find the answers.”
Richard was right. I hadn’t been doing any healing, and I
wasn’t thinking about it much. My last client had been
Evelyn, in New York, in 1962. In Los Angeles I’d had a few
situations in which there was an emergency, and I'd tried to
help. That was all.
Other than that, I knew there was tremendous power in
painting, and this inspired me to the hilt. For the past ten
years, I’d painted almost every day.
My original experience at Amherst the night before I left
for New York had since been repeated countless times. I made
energy when I painted. On canvas, on board, on paper. The
energy had no name, and the “abstract” shapes it took had
no names. The suggestions of personages and events and
non-rational places and emotions were sometimes tremen-
dously vivid and thrilling. They were like myths placed into
the everyday world. They were like waking dreams. That’s
all I knew, and hopefully that’s all I needed to know.13
In the fall of 1973 I met a woman named Hadidjah Lamas.
She lived in a lovely house in Westwood Village, not far from
my apartment. Hadidjah was a Rolfer. She practiced a system
of healing which involves the re-invigoration of connective
tissue. In this work, the misaligned body posture is set straight.
Hidden and frozen emotions can come to the surface and
release.
This brief description of Rolfing is, of course, inadequate,
and doesn’t give the flavor of the work itself; nor does it sug-
gest the profundity of experience that is possible.
Hadidjah and I shared interests in painting and music.
Twice she would turn her home into a gallery for me, and
put on successful shows of my work.
One day I did a healing session on her, and she was excited.
After working on several large paintings in 1973-74, I
found myself burning out. I wasn’t accumulating an ordinary
kind of stress; this was inverted, a sponginess, a slowing
down of functions of thought and feeling that was increas-
ingly irritating.
ITimagined myself on vacation in Jamaica for two weeks
playing golf and sipping vodka tonics on a veranda over-
looking the blue, blue sea. Yes, I decided, that’s exactly what
I needed — despite the fact that I was a terrible golfer and
lost interest in vodkas after the first round.
So instead, one afternoon, I asked Hadidjah, whom many
people consider one of the best Rolfers in the world, to give
me a session of my own medicine. Would she mind?
“Just put your hands on my head — and leave them for
awhile. Turn off the phone, okay?”
“Sure,” she said.
I lay down on her table on my back and closed my eyes.
40The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
41
She placed one hand under my neck and the other at the
base of my spine. She held her hands there for about fifteen
minutes, during which time I felt absolutely nothing. I didn’t
drift off to sleep, I didn’t sense any relaxation creeping in.
Nothing at all. Of course, I thought, this isn’t going to work.
I should have realized it before I even asked her for a session.
What do I do now? Get up off the table and say it isn’t go-
ing anywhere and thank you very much anyway? I was
embarrassed.
Then out of nowhere, with my eyes closed, I saw a shape
in front of my head, a foot or two away. It was dark and it
was about the size of my head. It was made out of strips
arranged in a cross-hatch pattern, so that the inside was
hollow. I thought of a mask or protective covering for a
warrior, a knight. The shape began to turn in place, rotate,
gaining a little speed.
I felt absolutely nothing, except a curiosity.
The thing spun smoothly and then it moved away from
me across the room and past the open door into the bathroom.
This amused me.
There was a space of, perhaps, ten seconds in which noth-
ing happened, and then I saw colors around me — blue and
yellow. And then I was lying surrounded in a very rich sea
of blue and yellow and the two colors overlapped and
interlapped and effervesced. It was quite gorgeous and I
began to enjoy it. As seconds passed I enjoyed it more and
more and broke out into a big grin. The grin kept grinning.
[just lay there and watched the beautiful color field and
felt better and better.
Finally I said, “I guess we’re done.”
Hadidjah said, “I guess we are.”
I laughed, opened my eyes and sat up. I stood, stretched,
and we walked out of the room into the kitchen. “T just had a
two-week vacation in Jamaica,” I said.
That night I wrote a long letter to Richard and Rachel and
directed it to them, as usual, through the Phoenix address.
I walked six blocks to the nearest mailbox. It was about
ten o'clock. As I turned to go back home from the box, I42
Jon Rappoport
suddenly felt sleepy and very relaxed. When I reached my
apartment, I pulled a chair outside under a eucalyptus tree.
I sat down, listened to the mockingbirds and fell asleep.
When I woke up, perhaps an hour later, I felt different. I
stood up and stretched and walked out to the street. There
was a complete quiet in me. There was no passive mind as
such. No place where radio stations play on and off and
fragmentary thoughts flow into one another. There were no
doubts about anything, there was no substratum of guilt, there
was no hint of a desire to dredge up little pieces of memories,
there was no regret, no worry, no anything except ecstatic
joy and peace.
I wasn’t robotized. Just the opposite. My perception was
extremely sharp, and the night street of small flowering trees,
streetlights, and houses and apartment buildings spread out
in gorgeous aliveness, as if I’d previously been seeing a dead,
foreshortened and flattened-out world.
My whole life felt brand new. To choose whatever I wanted
to do from this moment on, with no reference to the past.
There was no rush to decide ...
Over the next three days, the newness slowly subsided,
leaving me with a sense of nostalgia, which then itself faded
out. I was determined to find out how to move through that
door further.14
In June, 1974, I found a new studio to paint in.
I was doing faces in pastels. I started each one without a
pre-set idea. Some faces turned out to be humanoid; some
didn’t. Pushing the pastel colors around on paper felt like
sculpting clay. The faces suggested other times and places,
and some of them came out of no time or place ...
For the next eight years I would continue to paint.
Then, in 1982, I made a big switch in my life. I started
writing articles for newspapers and magazines. These pieces
were mainly about politics and health.
That work in turn evolved into a book and a contract with
a publisher. The book was AIDS INC., and it was finally printed
and released in 1988.
AIDS INC. and one of my later books, Oklahoma City
Bombing (1995), made me seriously consider the possibility
that, on the world scene, we were witnessing major staged
events. This was not aimless thinking. A great deal of investi-
gation was involved.
I began to roll key political events around in my mind,
considering them as activity on a certain kind of thermometer
of power. Toward the possible goal of frightening, demoral-
izing, and ultimately controlling populations.
Perhaps certain elites would do or say virtually anything
— they would allow fraudulent medical research to stand with-
out challenge, they would release terribly toxic “curative”
drugs to the public, they would squash cheap and reliable
sources of healing, and perhaps even attempt to terrorize
populations by acts of sudden and tragic destruction ...
Could this really be true?
There was, by the mid-1990s, a growing underground
4344
Jon Rappoport
sentiment that secret societies were behind various plan-
etary-control scenarios. After reading some of the avail-
able material on this, I wondered whether, out of the wel-
ter of cults, secret societies, and communities which had
at one time or another appeared on our planet, there was
a particular and vital stratum of hidden information. I
couldn’t put my finger on anything.
I was still fascinated with Richard Jenkins’ search and
his belief that, concealed in Earth’s past, there lay an un-
heralded oral tradition of healing.
In July 1995, I wrote Richard a long letter, and sent him
copies of AIDS INC., Oklahoma City Bombing, and a com-
pilation of testimony given in March of that year, before
the U.S. President’s Committee on Radiation Experiments,
indicating that agencies of the federal government had
conducted brutal mind-control experiments on children.
Three weeks later I received a note from Rachel:
Richard died this year at 64 years old. He was trav-
eling in the Mediterranean. He had a case of food
poisoning. Someone took him to a hospital where
he was given an IV. He went into shock, and before
anyone could determine what happened, he was
gone. Perhaps it was penicillin. He was allergic to
it. Richard, Linwood,
Richard’s mother
and my
mother are all gone now. I won’t burden you with
the details. It’s been a tough few years here.
... We had been pursuing leads from relatives and
friends of this German man. I still think that if he’s
alive, he could be in danger. Did we ever tell you
that he always considered Nazism a kind of secret
society, not simply a political movement? It was on
that basis, according to Linwood, that he attacked
it. After reading your books, I feel confident that I
can give you his name. J still fear for his life, even
now, although that might be complete nonsense. The
name is Paul Schuman ...
I didn’t know what to do. I hadn’t seen Richard in all
this time, and now he was dead.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
45
That night I lit a candle, turned out the lights in my
apartment, stared at the flame for awhile, lay down on
my bed and didn’t sleep.I5
Richard’s quest for a tradition. What could it possibly
consist of? Did it have a kind of opposite which would throw
some light on it?
A vague scene plays over and over again: the end of human
society as a dog-eat-dog business, as a war for money and
food ...
4616
Now, in the summer of 1997, I’ve written a long, rambling
letter to Rachel Jenkins. It’s based on research and thinking
I’ve been doing over the past ten years, and also on a “click”
that occurred one night while I was painting in my apartment.
The section I’m quoting here includes pieces of writing I’d
been doing about Nazism and other secret societies. As you'll
see, there is a tie-in with my feelings about painting, a very
strong tie-in — which, somewhere along the line, had occurred
as I was writing articles and books about politics:
“I keep thinking about what you and Richard said in New
York. That Richard’s work was just a fragment of a much larger
tradition. I didn’t see how that was possible at the time.
“But now ... In doing his healing Richard entered a space
at the beginning of the session. He started, in other words,
as a musician would, shifting into a slightly different ‘realm’
and then playing.
“Then he sensed the energies and colors and shapes and
feelings coming off the other person on the table. He answered
that with his own energies and shapes — which he invented,
in a way.
“A dialogue went back and forth.
“There are so many ways he could respond to the emana-
tion of the other person. His choice involved the invention
of forms and energies which he put into that person.
“This is art, art on the wing. It reminds me of jazz, impro-
vised.
“Suppose the larger tradition Richard mentioned is just
that? A kind of art.
“And suppose that when we look back into history, we
find places and times where some kind of creation was taking
place but was misunderstood or ignored, because there was
4748
Jon Rappoport
nothing to hook it on to. I know that’s vague. Let me just put
it this way: Suppose we are ignoring something major about
the past because we are seeing it in the wrong way?
“Some reading I’ve done on several secret societies fits in
here. Take Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union, the Holy Roman
Catholic Church. I believe these are three of the major cults
of our time. But think of their real leaders as artists who work
in a sabotaging way, in order to control populations. This
artist metaphor is not trivial. I don’t mean it as a convenience
for thinking about ‘the bad guys.’ I mean this literally.
“The whole business of cults and secret societies has made
an impression on me, because they are worlds of their own,
and you can see how human beings are duped into living
lives within highly artificial boundaries. That piece of trickery
applies to the whole human race, but the means of conjuring
the boundaries are clearer in the setting of the cult.
“T don’t know if you’re familiar with Jackson Pollock, the
famous American painter of the 1930s and 40s. He dripped
and spilled paint on large canvases he tacked down to the
floor of his studio in Long Island. His whole activity was a
kind of dance, as he circled the canvas, stepped on it at times,
and dripped paint from sticks. He talked about “being in the
painting’ as opposed to standing on the outside and calcu-
lating each move. He worked quickly. Most painters of that
breed who became famous as so-called Abstract Expressionists
talked about space. The space of the painting. The space you
made. The space you found.
“Healing to me is very much like this. Richard gets into
the space of the painting, except in this case the canvas is the
person lying on the table, who talks back through his energies.
“Well, in a secret society, there is already a space. One
space. And the trick is to get you to believe in it, to take it on,
to put on the coat and leave it on, to think it is the only coat
there is and the best coat and the highest coat. Do you see?
This really is art, and to ignore that is to miss the whole point
of how the deception works.
“Goose steps. Blonde soldiers. Black leather coats. SS chiefs
overseeing torture in the death camps. Hunting down Jews
and Gypsies behind closed doors ... Nazi party members, a longThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
49
line of nothings, each nothing ready to follow the Fuhrer’s
orders to the letter forever. Without question. All based on art.
“More art. The recommendation for destruction of all
private property and all ideas of private property. Paradise.
Utopia. Pink and purple of a new day above the beautiful
green trees. People loving each other. Nothing private.
“That was out of the 18th-century [luminists (Illuminati).
Of course, when you eliminate all private property, you
invoke an impossible ideal. Humans can’t pull it off and like
it. You pave the way for a few human beings who — espous-
ing generous this and that — will actually take ownership of
ALL land. The essential inheritor of this particular utopian
art is the Soviet Union of the twentieth century.
“Lenin and Stalin stood for the universal giving of resources,
but as leaders they had the hearts of concentration camp
commandants. Equality doled out in a huge gray emptiness.
“Or another cult-art mural starts with the announcement
that the gate is finally open to every citizen to live out his
true destiny — which involves the full exercise of power
based on a prior elite history all true-blooded citizens share.
“Hitler was the king of that painting. Build them up before
you let them down. Before you homogenize and flatten human
power.
“T believe Nazi Germany was the watershed moment.
After that, we had thrust on us an almost psychiatric equa-
tion of power and insanity, as if the entire modern world
could only become mature by realizing that mediocre and
adjusted people were its best products.
“... For the Germans, it took a grandiose vision — a gran-
diose painting — to stir them from the destruction of World
War I. They grabbed on to an ancient past of the so-called
Aryan race, a people from whom ‘the pure German’ was
supposed to have descended. The fact that no one has ever
proved the existence of an Aryan race is entirely beside the
point. But it is a painting. See it that way. Conjure images
of ancient Teutons, Aryans, and gods of Valhalla, and the
German soul goes ping. At least it did in 1920.
“The image-making was compelling. It involved the work
of more than a hundred German scholars who explored a50
Jon Rappoport
myth of a past in which Pure Aryan Blood was King.
“These scholars, aided by well-off citizens and dedicated
drawing-room clubs — and by Hitler and Himmler and Hess
— brought home the bacon.
“The overall conclusion was Yes.
“Yes, this German race once existed in a sublime state of
blood purity, untainted by lower forms of life. Once it con-
trolled much of the planet, actually, by virtue of simple inher-
ent body-strength, superhuman mental powers, and psychic/
mystic third-eye omniscience!
“What?
“Yes. This was the painting.
“Then the painting showed that these fantastic German
powers were diluted and polluted by incautious sexual join-
ing of Aryans with lesser races — mainly the Jews.
“Otherwise, the ‘research’ concluded, Germans would still
be physically huge and Viking-like, would still rule seas and
continents, would still be taking what was rightfully theirs
(basically everything in sight), would be residing in your stan-
dard colossal castles above winding mountain roads, would
be emanating for the throngs a superb glow signifying at the
very least an elevated and pure state of health at all times.
“The amount of ‘scholarship’ which, following World War
One, went into establishing a special German past was stag-
gering. The painting was definitely a group effort.
“O citizen. Don’t worry if today it takes a wheelbarrow
full of paper currency to buy a loaf of bread. That is the devi-
ous doing of the Jews and their financial chicanery. Don’t
worry if the machinery of the country lies in ruins and you
can’t find a job and are teetering on the brink of abject pov-
erty. We are the true rulers and we will rise again. We will
mangle those who have infiltrated us and compromised our
blood. We will force the issue. The boundaries of Germany
are arbitrary and deluded. We will build a juggernaut and
take Earth for our own. That is truth. That is history finally
put in its proper perspective. That is our destiny reborn.’
“Hitler came on board with that.
“Elite scenes in the huge German painting — the mural —
abounded. See Northern caves of ice. The Arctic. See ancientThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
51
Germanic giants there rising out of their slumber, thousands
of years ago to take on the whole Earth. See the radiating
lines of force coming from the third eye of these ancestors.
‘The Sun is our source, our god. It has our color, the gold,
and we flourish in its presence.’
“One night, it clicked. At least I felt a first click. This was
a kind of literal painting I hadn’t deeply considered. It was
accomplished by a group with a leader, and it invented a
landscape it hoped would last forever and be worshipped as
... What? The Real World of the Human Soul.
“On one level, of course, I already knew about this kind
of strategy. But for some reason, the point now was coming
home with extreme lucidity. It was as if I were visiting a
museum of human manipulation, and all I could find were
groups of artists. They were in a trance and they were trying
out different ways to take over the human mind.
“... Lots of disparate material on the palette of the Nazi
artists as they painted a new world for the German people.
“Start with a little cultural atmosphere and backdrop — an
ongoing national pagan/ occult revival: the popular Madame
Blavatsky’s Secret Doctrine, the Valhalla gods, an ancient and
secret Arctic homeland of original German giants, a rune-fad,
Masonic initiatory rites, Knights Templar, peasant solstice
fertility practices, the Tarot, Masters of the Himalayas,
Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, the Bhagavad-Gita,
astrology, Tao. And more.
“Such a mystic/occult stew of influences was edited and
reshaped to show that psychic and physical giants — the old
pure Aryan ones, the German ancestors — once dominated
in Tibet, the Arctic, America, India, and other incredible key
spots around the planet. Never mind that no historical research
could establish that!
“Nazi artists dredged up a hodgepodge of heraldic and
mysterious symbols and used them to stitch together a legend
of a glorious bygone era. The blonde, blue-eyed Teutonic
people — instead of confronting their washed-out defeated
Germany floundering on all fronts after World War I— could
look back on mighty mythical ancestors, who scholars and
researchers said had once emerged from a strange uncharted52
Jon Rappoport
land called Thule, somewhere in the Arctic. From under-
ground caves, as actual physical giants, these hyper-Teutons
took to the seas, and eventually ruled in foreign lands.
“Many men in Germany wanted to enter that painting
and live in it, take up residence, abandon their former ideals.
“This is a way to understand the actions of a cult. Flesh
out the painting they are creating. See the whole landscape,
and most importantly, realize that they are claiming there is
only one painting, one universe — which is as they imagine
it. And so the devotee signs on to the narrowing of his own
imagination.
“Jorge Lanz von Liebenfels, who served in the early days
as an intellectual inspiration to Hitler, invented an anti-
Semitic secret society called the Order of the New Templars.
This group searched for a Holy Grail it ultimately defined as
German Aryan blood itself, purified of “lower-order” (Jewish)
content. Von Liebenfels said that the original Aryan race had,
among other powers, telepathy and all-knowingness. His
Order of the Templars would restore these powers to Germans
and, at the same time, eliminate from the face of the Earth or
enslave all inferior races.
“Peter Levenda, who’s written an excellent book, Unholy
Alliance, remarks that Hitler legitimized the New Templars
and completely accepted their specific proposal for incinera-
tion of lower-order life. Hence, the World War II ovens in the
concentration camps.
“Nazism was a cult fed by other cults. In addition to the
Templars, there was the Germanenorden
(German Order),
another exotic invented secret society. You may know about
these groups from trying to find that German healer. Any-
way, if not, Germanenorden was begun in 1912. The leaders,
including industrialist Theodor Fritsch and Baron Rudolf
von Sebottendorff, organized a series of initiatory levels and
rituals, ‘replete with [mythic past glories of] knights in shin-
ing armor, wise kings, mystical bards, and forest nymphs ...
patterned after Masonic ceremony ... its Theosophical-style
philosophy encompass[ed] everything from eastern mysticism
to runic lore to a rabid, pseudoscientific racism.’
“More aspects of the Nazi painting.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
53
“Germanenorden's explicit targets were Jews and also Free-
masons. Germanenorden lamely used the Thule Society as a
cover name. The Thule Society was the known title of a
German mystical-literary group, whose symbol was a dagger
over a swastika. Germanenorden’s members included Franz
Gurtner, who would become the Justice Minister under Hitler,
and Munich police chief Ernst Pohner. The group occasion-
ally took on the work of carrying out assassinations.
“Thulists did manage to create a worker’s group within
Germanenorden, and in 1919 this German Worker’s Party was
renamed — to sound appealing to the German Communists
— the National Socialist German Worker’s Party. This was
to become Hitler’s political organization.
“Fast forward ... the famous Nazi-artist Leni Riefenstahl’s
1934 film documentary, The Triumph of the Will, shows Hitler’s
mass rally at Nuremberg. I’m sure you know it. It’s very clear:
The power being built by the Fuhrer was one to be created
by millions of nameless ciphers organized in regiments of
workers and soldiers and children awaiting orders from the
top. The idea of free individual expression is completely
missing. What you see is a sea of standing thousands, in
perfectly squared-up regiments, plugged into their messiah.
Proud nobodies ready to do anything.
“You are a potential god. To realize your capacities, join
the club. Pick up a spear and march. If that doesn’t sound
like ancient Aryan godhood, ignore the discrepancies and
keep your mouth shut.’
“The cult. All order, no individual imagination.
“The cult. A painting of a Secret Elite Past joined with the
present — designed to inspire — which sucks in Germans
yearning to embody a higher power, to escape humiliation,
etc. The payoff? A membership card in a fascist ant-colony.
“Occult connections all the way across the big Nazi board.
“One of Hitler’s advisors, Thulist Dr. Wilhelm Gutberlet,
owned a device called a sidereal pendulum, and stated to Hitler
that by use of this instrument he could silently pick out Jews
in any gathering. Hitler consulted Dr. Gutberlet in this arena.
“Part of the Nazi cult ‘mural’ of the universe includes a
science laboratory / factory. The Teutonic gods pass judgment54
Jon Rappoport
on the sperm and ova of various racial types. Will they be
permitted to breed? The gods — and their favorite Aryan
descendants, the Nazi Party devotees — have the power of
life and death over the future. So the myth is extended from
the far past of the ice caves to the far-ahead centuries of gene
manipulation on a grandiose scale.
“This is what now occurs to me very forcefully: it is the
duty of every cult to deny the possibility that multiple uni-
verses can be created. Why? Because they are painting their
universe and calling it All That Is. Even if they start off with
multiple realms, they ultimately weld them together and
coalesce them into the Final Single Painting.
“That leaves us with a workable definition of freedom.
The latitude and the capacity to create many universes. Many
worlds. Many spaces. Many paintings. Many dimensions.
“I’m not completely clear on how far ‘many universes’ goes
— but all this connects to Richard’s healing work, I believe.
Because in that healing people travel and see things. They
find various scenes or worlds, if you will, and they bring
back memories of those places. Multiple realities, multiple
realms, multiple energies. If that assumption is denied, and
every cult or religion I know denies it, it would inhibit heal-
ing, it would lock people in.
“It does lock people in.
“Richard’s kind of healing, as I witnessed it, said, Look,
there are many dimensions and places of energy, but in this
everyday world we deny that. We try to convince ourselves
there is only one dimension and we are living in it. But when
people lie down on the table they experience a whiff of the
truth — the multiplicity of reality. They may not be able to
articulate it, but they experience it. And then things go one
step further. The rigid separating walls of energy between
dimensions or planes or realms or worlds or universes or
‘paintings’ begin to dissolve, and that brings healing.
In other words, healing starts out by admitting that there
are multiple dimensions and then it dissolves the walls
between them which were put there, in fear.
“The feared German SS, under Himmler, was a huge cult
of its own (50,000 men by 1933). Headquarters in the ominousThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
55
Wewelsburg Castle. The dining room was perpetually set for
the Inner Twelve, Himmler’s closest men.
““.. the most dreaded police force and secret society in
modern history,’ Himmler’s SS — also called Schwarze Orden
(Cult of the Black order) — specializes in arrest, interrogation,
medical and mind control experiments, torture, and murder
on a grand scale. Seen from the correct angle, these acts are
more than political. They’re a ceremonial carrying out of
duties based on prior secret SS cult-initiations and oaths —
which in turn are based on an invented mythic Teutonic
history of godhood, power, blood-purity and world rule.
“Although the precise oaths of the SS are still secret, it’s
said that periodically they would pick out one of their own,
a true Aryan type, and chop his head off — and then use the
head as an intermediary communication device between
themselves and various ‘disembodied Masters of the East.’
“What many Americans would now call a Satanic cult
resembles the SS, except that when you throw in SS-run
concentration camps like Dachau and Auschwitz, you stretch
the mind’s ability to hold on to the word ‘cult.’ It appears
that you must be talking only about a government or a nation,
a strictly political entity. But that’s not so. Nazism spilled
blood as a cult-rite of passage.
“Everybody now realizes that, armed with supplies of cash,
gold, and art treasures, thousands of SS members survived
World War IJ and fled to other lands. It’s preposterous to
imagine that, having been initiated into the Black Order of
the SS, and later in possession of wealth, most of these men
would simply lie down and renounce their blood-ties. The
agenda would go on. It did.
“It’s significant that Auschwitz, run by the SS, not only
involved itself in heinous medical experiments and mass
murder, but in the hiring out of labor. The notorious and
gigantic German chemical cartel, I.G. Farben, built a rubber
plant at Auschwitz. It paid the SS a pittance to send over
inmates to work at the factory every day. Those selected who
were too weak to work, or who couldn’t last the day on their
feet, were killed.
“So the SS cult had very close links, not only to Hitler, but56
Jon Rappoport
to Germany’s highest-ranking corporate elite. These connec-
tions would have continued after the War, because, for example,
one of the longest sentences handed down at Nuremberg to
a Farben executive — on charges of slavery and mass murder
— was only seven years. It was doled out to Dr. Fritz Ter
Meer, who, after his release, was made chairman of the super-
visory board of the Bayer Corporation, now the largest chemi-
cal company in the world. Can you believe it?
“... The created art of the cult, the secret society, is used to
get from the promise of power to the reality of slavery. This
is done on a fast arc.
“This is a kind of art that is not studied per se in colleges
and universities. And with good reason. Once you look at
certain groups as artists seeking to invent and impose a mural
of a universe, all sorts of revelations about the way power
operates, on many levels, become clear.
“Again, Iam not using this description of Nazism as a
metaphor. I am saying that secret societies really are artists
inventing their worlds. They really do this. Whether they
know it completely or not.
“Tam also saying that if the guises of power on Earth were
seen and well-analyzed from this point of view, they would
start to crumble.
“In Nazi Germany, as well as other such cults and societies,
‘power’ for the devotee is obtained by proxy, by kneeling
before the already-created painting of a myth, by swearing
eternal allegiance to the image of the messiah who, sooner
or later, strolls on to the mural to embody all that the painting
stands for.
“In the case of the secret society called the IIluminists (aka
Illuminati), their ideas about destroying all private property
which they put forward in 1780 took over a century to perco-
late, until Lenin seized the reins of Russia. Worship of that
cult messiah, which was supposed to produce a renaissance
in the millions of citizens of the nation, ended up, at best,
making everyone a functionary in a bleak, slow-motion
bureaucracy that stretched from East Germany to China.
“This says something about the kind of power you obtain
from ideas and images that are frozen into an absolutist paint-The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
57
ing, even if the painting promises Christmas on Earth.
“The cult, the secret society, creates the painting. The devo-
tee, unaware that he can invent his own paintings, his own
worlds, worships the well-done ready-made version.
“In late-eighteenth-century France, revival occult
Pythagorean groups settled on ‘mystic’ geometric figures to
explain and enhance the legitimacy of their ideas. The two
principal shapes used were the circle and the triangle.
“And in that same period, there was the Hluminist
conspiracy-cell of nine men. It was conceived as a circle. The
Rosicrucians used the circle in the same way. In fact, Adam
Weishaupt’s Illuminist symbol for human progress within
his secret society was a circle.
“These geometric shapes were considered ‘inner universal
reality’ of a sort, and therefore gave a metaphysical certitude
to the activity of the secret society that employed them.
“The triangle, of course, was a basic symbol for the Masons.
It signified harmony, and on seals of Masonic orders the
triangle was often inscribed. Pythagoreans used this shape
to surround some other vital signifier. A ‘point of sunrise,’
which was said metaphysically to animate the elements of
nature, would be placed, as a dot, in the center of a triangle.
“Here’s the 64-dollar question. Was the flavor of all this
off-the-cuff symbolism and myth, in eighteenth-century
France and twentieth-century Germany, one of discovery —
or creation? Most certainly discovery. The leaders of these
groups didn’t let on, or know, that they were inventing artful
emblems and myths; oh no. For them the whole business
was constructed to mean they were penetrating to the core
of the universe to find out what the inner truths and intrinsic
symbols actually were — and once having done that, they
would return with the spoils.
“And these cultists subsequently found many followers
who would deeply believe in the reality of the spoils. So the
method worked.
“People took invention for discovery.
“Are you likely to believe in your friend’s God if he tells
you he just invented Him?
“Obviously not.58
Jon Rappoport
“This is cult-painting at its most obvious. Give them the
triangle and the circle and tell them that these shapes mean
certain profound truths, and that'll help them sign on to live
in the painting, to make their home in its universe.
“But there is no root meaning to a universe, any universe
— except the one it may have been arbitrarily imbued with
by its creator(s). I admire Cezanne and Van Gogh, and I sense
the underlying feeling that they transferred to their worlds,
but that doesn’t make me want to join up as a slave to their
inventions.
“The solution to secret societies and the tyranny of groups
is art, creation in the widest sense. The artist can create many
worlds. Many artists can create a profusion of worlds.
“A cult, a hierarchical religion, a secret society is one
world. Only. It is the equivalent of a painter asserting that he
has made the quintessential canvas-space and has filled it
with the quintessential energies and shapes of all time.
“So here is what we have. We have the existence of a pro-
found creative impulse in all people.
“Then we have the art of the secret society used to repress
that creativity by trying to mesmerize people into living as
slaves inside the already-made Single Exclusive World of the
cult painting. This applies to our planet and the way, in gen-
eral, institutions have established control over populations.
“Then we have the existence — which is something of a
mystery — of many different worlds, dimensions of experi-
ence and intuition, realms, which you do not simply travel
to in powered vehicles made out of steel and plastic. You get
to these places interiorly. If this alternate-realms idea seems
too bizarre, then just think of it all as interior spaces of the
imagination.
“But I’ll say this: you won’t get to those mysterious worlds
and scenes if you are fundamentally transfixed by a single
painting perpetrated by a secret society or cult or religion or
government or institution. They are all secret societies because
they have private agendas away from the light of day which
are designed to limit and narrow and control and harm
people ...”17
In the days that followed my sending this letter to Rachel,
other thoughts occurred to me:
Here is the beginning of the perverse formula for control:
Describe all human energy and power and creativity as
bounded by a single space.
Convince people that this space is the highest reality
possible.
Tell them the space was put there by a particular invisible
being.
Now dress up the space with fancy and fascinating and
esoteric details, to keep everyone occupied.
The Formula of the Secret Society.
Of course there are other tricks too, and we could embark
on a treatise that covers the ways of manipulators, from the
bait and switch to the rolling hypnotic voice of the salesman,
to the sudden doling out of “love” to the new adherent, to
the imposition of malnutrition and ill-health, and so on. But
the Formula stated above is the big picture, or a major chunk
of it.
3918
The Communist Party, obviously taking up ideas from
the late-18th-century cult called the Illuminati — ideas about
destroying all private property — corrupted the entire mean-
ing of Christmas on Earth in favor of gulags and coercion at
every level of work and thought in the Soviet Union for 70
years. Yes, there were honorable people who truly believed
in the abolition of private property and the universal sharing
of material resources. Many of them were awakened to these
ideas coming down in time from teachings of the Iluminist
secret society. Yes, there were people in Russia who deeply
wanted to create a national commune of equality. But what
happened was the opposite.
We could rail forever at the betrayal of noble ideals, but
in fact a principle is at work: the erecting, like a heaven, of a
Pattern of Truth within the fabric of the cult mural.
“Natural law” or “inner principles of the universe” or
“hidden history.” Those are some general patterns.
And of course, in a modern nation like the Soviet Union,
the pattern of society WAS the ultimate good and the ultimate
god.
Once faith has been cast in favor of a pattern of truth, in
favor of that aspect of the cult painting, the best-laid plans
will circle around and devour their own tails. Why? Because
the pattern is revered above all, and allegiance to it cuts off
the human being from his fluid core. The result will be sacri-
fice and martyrdom to the pattern and then deep disillusion
at every level. Finally, the whole horrible structure will come
down in rotten pieces.
And of course, what is The Pattern? It is just a clever,
complex aspect of the painting “they made for you.”
6019
By art, by a mural, make a single space and convince
humans that power exists only within that pre-defined space,
which is run by Someone Else.
Convince them that within the pre-defined space, the best
life is to (1) uncover a hidden pattern which “illuminates”
the space — and then (2) study and meditate on and under-
stand and swear allegiance to the pattern. Then you’re all
Set.
If they follow your advice, you'll be their slavemaster.
That’s how insane worlds are made.
6120
I’ll now describe two clients I watched Richard Jenkins
work on, at close range, in New York, in 1961. To an important
degree they illustrate these statements about Pattern.
In the winter of 1961, in New York, Richard gave sessions
to Ralph, a man who fit perfectly the mold of a bureaucrat.
He worked for the County as a record-keeper in the court
system. He was fifty years old. His fingers were always ink-
stained, and his pallor, slouched posture, and drab suits
begged for a green eye-shade.
He had high blood pressure. He heard ringing in his ears.
He wanted the ringing to stop.
He was only five pounds overweight, by his calculation,
so it didn’t seem to him that simple dieting was going to do
the job.
In Richard’s first session, all he did was put his hands on
Ralph’s chest and leave them there for an hour.
Ralph fell asleep after ten minutes and stayed that way
for the rest of the time. After he woke up and walked around
the room a little he said the ringing had stopped.
The next day he called and told Richard the ringing was
back, but it had vanished for several hours at a time the day
before, so he knew something was happening. He scheduled
a session for the following week.
In the second session, Richard put his hands on Ralph’s
chest for half an hour, and then moved them to his shoulders
for the rest of the appointment. Ralph was asleep most of the
time. Afterwards, he said the ringing was very faint.
On his way out, he told Richard he had been a socialist
when he was younger. “I was very active in several labor
62The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
63
groups,” he said. “I’m still committed to it, but I wish the
people would act differently. They don’t have the same fire
anymore.”
In the third session, Ralph fell asleep, and then period-
ically his body shuddered. The shudder seemed to go from
his shoulders downward each time, in exactly the same
tempo. Twice he opened his eyes and looked at the ceiling,
then went back to sleep. I got the impression he had been in
an operating room.
Several days after the third session, Ralph called Richard.
He had developed a head cold. What did Richard think?
Should he come for his next session or wait until he was better?
Richard told him to show up unless he didn’t feel well. The
day before his appointment Ralph called to say the cold was
gone. It had dried up overnight. He was surprised.
This time, during the hour, he didn’t fall asleep. He told
Richard he saw images of books and places and buildings
he had never seen before.
He was the last client of the day. We all went out to supper
together. Ralph said he had devoted thirty years of his life
“to the system.” It was his considered opinion that bureau-
cracy was the only way to join together great numbers of
people trying to do service for one another.
“A society has to survive collectively,” he said.
In Ralph’s fifth session, he started to cry, stopped himself,
then fell asleep. He woke up near the end of the time, and a
few more tears rolled down his cheeks.
Afterwards, he told Richard he remembered his college
days. He had gone to school at a “progressive university.”
During the session he had gotten very clear flashes of that
time. The weather, the trees with spring leaves in the quad-
rangle, political meetings in teaching rooms.
“Very boyish stuff,” he said, “but the clarity of it, it came
back to me like a rocket. It was alive.”
He said that words like revolution and socialism had really
meant something to him in those days, and now he had come
all the way down the line living out a pale reflection of that, in
a bureaucracy that was hopelessly bogged down in procedure.
During the next few sessions, Ralph had flashes from64
Jon Rappoport
much earlier times in his life, fragments of conversations in
rooms, scenes of streetcorners in Brooklyn where he’d grown
up, lakes and ponds in upstate New York.
His eyes seemed more alive to me, and his conversation
was a bit more emphatic, less flat.
Ralph took two weeks of vacation time and went to visit
his son in Oregon. His ex-wife lived in Vancouver, so he saw
her as well, for the first time in four years.
When he came back, there was some color in his face. He’d
gone hiking with his son. He seemed much more animated.
He talked about the restaurants in Portland. The food, he
said, was marvelous. He’d thought a great deal about his
“revolutionary youth,” his early years in college. He’d once
read works by the “real revolutionaries,” men and women
who believed in true equality in life. Their form of sharing
was community, not a political leadership taken over by a
few people to direct millions of featureless proletarians ...
Ralph began making inquiries about communities in the
Northwest. It turned out there were several of these, and they
welcomed visitors. Each community was structured differ-
ently. The one common denominator, at least on paper, was
that everyone participated in decision-making.
Ralph had a new lease on life.
In his next three sessions, while Richard had his hands on
Ralph’s stomach, Ralph began breathing spontaneously and
deeply. Several times his face flushed bright red.
“Layers of crap are falling away,” he said. “I don’t even
know what it is.”
He commented it seemed a gray smoky substance — that
had been infiltrating his body — flew away.
By the fifteenth session, Ralph lost interest in communities.
He decided he would take his savings and move up to Oregon
near his son. He considered various small businesses he could
start.
In session, Ralph was experiencing a “waking up” of his
arms, legs, and lower back. “It’s as if they’ve been encased
in wood,” he said. “I thought I was feeling them, and I’m
sure I was, but nothing like this. I think I can start hiking
long distances.”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
65
At the end of the seventeenth session, Ralph said he had
traveled to “a place that was like a dream. There were five or
ten people standing around. They were all talking at once. It
was as if I knew them. As soon as I saw them clearly they
blew up. Just disintegrated.”
Two days later Ralph called Richard to say he was walking
around during the day feeling “an effervescing in my body.
It’s very pleasurable. It’s an energy. I’m seeing things more
clearly. My vision is better ...”
Ralph quit his job with the County two months later. After
placing ads in Oregon newspapers, he was getting inquiries
from people who wanted to sell their businesses. Ralph was
looking for a company with not more than ten employees.
“Gradually I want to make it worker-owned,” he told
Richard. “Do it right, so we all feel excited. Never get back
to that procedural stuff that’s nothing but paper ...”
Somewhere around his 20th session, Ralph said a jumble
of shapes and symbols flashed by his head. Afterwards, he
felt a huge relief of pressure he didn’t know he had, and
dozed for a few minutes on the table. The next day he was
full of energy, and walked five miles in the city.
Ralph was now enthusiastic about life. It was written on
his face. Richard said they could take things a lot further, but
he also knew Ralph was itching to leave town and move up
to Oregon. He was very motivated.
(After the fourth session, neither Richard nor Ralph had
ever mentioned the ringing ears again.)
The last night I saw him, Ralph said, “This healing unglued
me from what was filling up my mind.”
“What do you mean?” I said.
“This may sound crazy, but it was as if my whole mind
had become a series of shapes of the life I felt obligated to lead.
Thad committed myself to support an ideal world in the form
of an organization, really. An organization I imagined could
run humanity. I ended up working for a part of that organi-
zation, but long after I realized it wasn’t the answer, I couldn’t
get out. My mind was filled up with old shapes. I used them
to dominate myself. They hemmed me in. In the sessions,
they began cracking piece by piece. Came apart like real66
Jon Rappoport
buildings and offices. The feelings connected to the whole
thing came apart too. They blew up or just dissolved. I still
have that original idea of sharing with other people. That’s
got happiness in it again. Now I can really do it, for the first
time ...”
It was driven home to me. There are all kinds of patterns
that become woven into the mind, as energy, and we become
devotees to those patterns. When they crumble, we feel:
freedom.
If you want a literary parallel to this, simply read Age of
Reason by Thomas Paine. It is an effort by an exceedingly
brilliant mind to subtract what he considered was dross
(pattern) from the myth of Christianity, in order to leave in
its place freedom.21
In early 1961, I saw Richard Jenkins work on a client, Allen,
in New York. Richard gave Allen approximately fifty sessions.
I was there four times, and Richard and I spoke about what
was happening to Allen on several occasions.
Allen worked for the U.S. State Department. At the out-
set, he made it clear that he couldn’t speak about his work.
Richard told him that didn’t matter at all.
Allen was forty years old. He appeared to be quite confi-
dent and easy-going. He had come to Richard because he
was experiencing fatigue, and because he was having head-
aches on a regular basis. Richard said he didn’t treat symp-
toms, he just worked on energy. Allen accepted that without
question. Richard told Allen to stop drinking so much coffee.
He gave Allen two bags of herbs with orders to make tea
and sip it on and off during the day, every day.
In the first session, Richard worked on Allen’s feet. He
held particular spots and massaged the insteps. Then, sitting
in a chair at the end of the table, Richard just held his hands
on the bottoms of Allen’s feet for half an hour or so.
Allen started talking at that point. Sometimes Richard
would tell clients to be quiet, but he let Allen ramble.
Allen said he was in a business deal that involved com-
mercial property in North Carolina. He said he had recently
started going to church again. He was doing a few things in
his private life he wasn’t proud of. He said life in general
had once been so easy for him, but now the problems he was
having were closing in. He started laughing. Then he stopped,
became quiet and fell asleep.
After the session he said he wasn’t usually talkative “in that
way. I don’t skip around and gab about things. Just discount
it.”
6768
Jon Rappoport
Richard said there was nothing to discount.
The next time I saw Allen was after his tenth session. He
told Richard his headaches had gone away for awhile, but
now they were back. The fatigue was a little better. Richard
said nothing. I noticed that Allen’s complexion had become
more pasty. He seemed to be in the middle of a crisis. After
he left, Richard told me the healing work was driving Allen
toward a confrontation.
During the fifteenth session, Allen fell asleep for a few
minutes. When he opened his eyes, color rushed into his face.
“T feel better,” he said. “Something lifted. A cloud.”
At the end of the session Allen talked. “I thought I was
going crazy,” he said. “My marriage has been falling apart. I
have a very responsible position at work, but in the last year
I’ve become privy to some information. I’m king of the hill
in my area, and I control what’s going on. I can’t give you
details. They all like me. They put things in front of me, on
my plate, that would benefit me to accept. I accepted these
things. I went along. My future was looking very good.
Unlimited, really. I was a fair-haired boy. I guess other people
just live with that.”
“Live with what?” Richard asked.
“With having more and more authority,” Allen said. “In
one way you love it, but then I began feeling hollow. I should
have felt just the opposite, you know? I should have been
overjoyed. I was on a road straight to the top. Other people
take that in stride. I thought I was built like them, but I’m
not. In these sessions, I’m starting to feel another part of
myself. It’s been very uncomfortable, like crawling through
a tunnel. But now I think I’m getting somewhere ...”
Later, over lunch, Richard told me he believed Allen had
been “one of those power people who was ready to live his
whole life off the sensation of control. It was as if he had
been born to do that, and then he found out, much to his
horror, that it made him feel like nothing.”
The next time I saw Allen he had had forty sessions from
Richard. He looked much healthier. During his appointment,
he dozed for a few minutes on the table.
Afterwards, he said he had “visited” an incredible sectorThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
69
of a city under construction. The materials and the machines
were totally unfamiliar to him. Like Ralph, he used the word
“relief.”
“Tt was such a relief to see this place,” he said. “I have no
idea why. It’s as if something was keeping me away from
there. Maybe I was keeping myself walled in. I’m traveling a
lot more in these last few sessions. You know, it gives me a
sense of freedom, when I come back from these quick little
excursions, as if I’ve taken off a rope.”
When Allen left, Richard got out a pad and jotted down a
few notes. “Allen has been talking to me about power,” he
said. “Very interesting. He says he had been groomed, almost
from birth, to accept a position of authority. He came from
an upper-crust family around Boston. The idea was, he would
accept all the good fortune that flowed to him graciously. It
would be smooth sailing. Everything was geared to the idea
of taking success with grace, because that would make other
people around him feel less jealous or upset when he passed
them by. Then, when he grew up and started working, the
payoffs to all that preparation began to arrive. He liked it for
awhile. Who wouldn’t? But to his horror, the whole thing
began to turn him sour. I guess there are some slippery activi-
ties going on at the State Department, and he’s been playing
the game, turning his eyes away from it. He found out he
had a conscience, and also he just didn’t get a charge out of
his destiny. I think it bores him. He has power of a kind, but
it isn’t really exciting. He’s finally getting through that shell
of nothing that surrounds him, and real energy is definitely
showing up. So he’s beginning to get the idea that he can
replace one type of energy with another one that’s much more
real. So real he can taste it. He told me that if he’d known, at
the beginning of our sessions, that this was going to be the
direction things would take, he probably wouldn’t have
shown up. You don’t come across too many people like him.
Most of them just glide through life and become sipping alco-
holics. They’re sophisticated. They’re a bottle with a vacuum
in it, instead of a bottle with blue lightning. But Allen is in
transition. He’s finding life in himself he never knew he had.
It’s very vital. It never goes away, it’s just covered up. When70
Jon Rappoport
you think about the fact that whole nations are run by people
like him, you can see why we’re in the mess we're in. Part of
their power, a major part, is to really feel nothing. That means
they can commit crimes at a distance, and think, so what?
With a little practice, Allen might have gone the whole
distance and become a sadist. Some of them do. It’s good
that he’s out of that. He’s getting a real taste of freedom ...”
Several weeks later, Allen, Richard and I had supper to-
gether in a little restaurant near the UN building. Afterwards,
we walked over to Grand Central Station. Allen told us he
had “been on the scene” at the end of the War when numbers
of Nazi scientists started coming into the United States.
“They were dispersed into different projects and agencies,”
he said. “But there was no animosity on the part of our
government at all. Everything was chummy. A few of us were
amazed at the parade. We knew it was all strategic, and we
were trying to get better Nazi researchers than the Russians,
but still, I thought it was insane. The feeling of it was insane.
“The Nazis got out of Europe with a tremendous amount
of money. Gold, jewels. We felt the Vatican paved the way
for their escape. These are lots of murderers I’m talking about,
mass murderers, 5S people ...”
Allen looked around at the street. “This sounds so
stupid,” he said, “but I can feel the air tonight. I’m not made
of concrete anymore. At first that scared me, but not now ... I
was raised in a cult of indifference. We thought of ourselves
as natural aristocracy. People who were a certain type.
Descended from kings, I guess. It was never entirely spelled
out, but the sense of it was there. We had the lineage. Other
people didn’t. After all, if I didn’t believe that, then other
people would have become a problem to me. Who were they?
Why were they upset more often, and so on.”
“Suppose everybody gets energy,” Richard said. “Real
power.”
“Everybody?”
“Yes.”
Allen began to smile. “Why not?” he said.22
In painting you begin with the idea or feeling of space.
You put masses of color and energy into the space.
The way to take life away from people is to convince them
that all life exists in a single space, never outside it. That what
they should do is study the space and discover its core pattern
— which may be physical or metaphysical or both. They
should, more and more, rely on the pattern they are discover-
ing and give their loyalty to it. In this way, you tell them,
they’ll become illumined to the degree illumination is possible.
Now, when you have done this to people, and when they
have bought it, what do they have?
They have a Someone Else who supposedly made the
space and they have a Pattern. They can argue among them-
selves, if they wish, about which of these is superior, but the
argument is not going to lead to an open door.
No open door.
This is part of the Formula of the Secret Society, and it has
dominated the planet from time immemorial.
7123
Near the end of August, 1997, I received a startling phone
call from England. The woman on the other end of the line
hit the ground running. She said, “This is Carol Schuman. I
got your number from Rachel Jenkins. She doesn’t want to
be part of this. Her life isn’t the same since Richard died ... if
it’s all right with you, I’ll tell you some things about Paul.”
“Paul Schuman?”
“He was my father.”
“Was?”
“He died in 1978, in Jerusalem. He was researching the
Dead Sea Scrolls.”
“Tm very glad to speak with you,” I said. “How old was
your father?”
“When he died? Eighty-two.”
“I got the idea he was young during the Second World War.”
“He was over fifty when the War ended.”
I told Carol I didn’t know where to start. My mind was
racing.
“Well,” she said, “I’m sure I only have a part of what you
want. My father tried to protect me from certain things. But
there’s something you need to know about me. When Rachel
found me, and we talked, I didn’t want to speak with you,
or even her. It’s not that I don’t think my father’s work was
important. Not at all. But it brought him a great deal of
uncertainty. I’ve been subjected to the effects of that all my
life. I’m in the theater. I’m an artist. That’s what's important
to me. I'll tell you what I know, and then that’s it. Then we
wont talk anymore.”
“Whatever you want to do.”
“Good. Let me tell you about the Nazi part first. Then we
can get on to the other side of it ...”
72The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
73
I took a breath.
She really wanted to get this out of the way. No preamble,
no embroidery. Just one time through and move the hell out.
“My father,” she said quickly, “started working against
the Nazis in 1934, in Germany. He knew some of the theore-
ticians, as he liked to call them. These were people who were
trying to design the future of the country. They wanted to
eliminate the Jews and lots of other people too. It was either
enslave or kill. That was their plan. Africa would be put into
complete slavery.
“Paul watched Hitler arrest astrologers and psychics and
people who worked in the occult. Hitler put them in camps,
because he wanted to corner the market on all that. He didn’t
want to be known by the world as a crazy man who dabbled
in black magic.
“Paul wrote letters to people he knew in America and
Canada. He told them about Hitler’s reliance on the occult.
Paul believed Hitler was going to send people to war again.
He felt that Hitler viewed his own ongoing leadership of
Germany as emerging from an occult base.”
Her voice was very smooth, as if she had been over this
ground in her mind many times, to prepare a presentation
for someone ... and whoever it would be, the torch would be
passed and then it would be over for her. I imagined Paul
had dragged her to a number of cities and countries over the
years, so he could continue his work. Or else he had left the
family, and her mother had brought her up. I didn’t think
she’d delve into that ground.
I asked, “Was your father chased by the Nazis because he
was a healer? As you say, Hitler and his people looked into all
sorts of occult, esoteric activities, and also psychics, healers.
Then he closed the whole area down and had the people
arrested.”
“From what he told me the answer to that is yes,” she
said. “At one point early on I think they were trying to find
out about him, his work. Then there was a time when every-
thing changed. I believe they wanted to arrest him and we
escaped. That may have been why we went to England ...
But he was involved in other activities that got the Nazis74
Jon Rappoport
mad at him.
“In 1934 my father told people that Hitler saw himself as
a messiah. In that role he would put the whole world right,
genetically, by excluding or destroying a significant percent-
age of the human race. Paul wrote articles about Hitler being
an occult student and tried to have them published, to dis-
credit him in the eyes of other governments, but no one would
touch them. Paul went underground in France for awhile.
This was just prior to Germany’s invasion of Poland. I don’t
know what he was doing then. We spent most of the war in
England. By this time, he said, no one was interested in
Hitler’s background or his motivation. They just wanted to
beat him and end the killing.”
I thought about the fact that both the Nazis and the CIA
were famous for exploring the areas of occult, psychic, “New
Age” activity ...
Carol continued. “My father knew that thousands of war
criminals were escaping in 1945 to America and South
America. He went to Nuremberg and spoke with several of
the American officials who were trying cases, the war criminal
cases. He felt that if the prosecutors understood the depths
of the SS psyche, for example, their efforts might be more
profound. Especially when it came to the German business
executives, the top echelon who built the whole war machine
for Hitler.
“Between 1945 and 1978, when he died, Paul spent a lot
of time accumulating and mailing out information on the
activities of Nazi war criminals. He got into conflict with
several governments who were employing those people as
spies or researchers. He told me that the American people
would be horrified if they had a thumb-nail biography of
each Nazi their government was employing.
“T can tell you that, during the War, Paul put together a
phony cell of psychics. This was in England. I don’t know
whether he did this under the auspices of the British govern-
ment, or on his own. The word got out — I believe it was in
1943 — that Mussolini had been kidnapped by an opposition
element in Italy. Paul told me he and his friends posed as a
Hitler-friendly group, and they began sending messagesThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
75
across the English Channel into a contact in Germany. Hitler
needed to find Mussolini to keep the Axis alliance intact, and
nobody knew where he was. Paul and his friends pretended
to look psychically for Mussolini, and they sent the message
over that he was a prisoner in Greece. I don’t remember the
exact area. They hoped this would cause the Germans to
waste time looking in the wrong place. It could have saved
lives in Italy. I think they actually got an encouraging word
back from Himmler. And then all communication stopped.”
“Was Paul interested in the activities of Himmler and his
SS people?” I asked.
“Very. The occult goings-on there in the castle were very
revealing. Once every year, as you probably know, Himmler
and his Inner Circle spent a period of time conjuring — doing
occult techniques. They were in total seclusion.”
I said, “I’ve read that the SS periodically sacrificed one of
their own. They chopped off his head, and then the head
was used to communicate with various disembodied spirits
in the East. They tore out cats’ eyes too.”
“Paul mentioned something like that,” she said. “The SS
did all sorts of grisly things supposedly on behalf of ‘Spirit.’
This has been written about. The whole emphasis of their
training was to make them immune to violence and horror.
The SS was a society separate from the world. They gave up
their family names and adopted names from the past. You
know, mythical Aryan titles. They took mystical oaths. If they
betrayed their Order, or even broke an important rule, they
and their family could be murdered. They were the glue that
held the whole Nazi Party together. The lunatic monks.”
“Except,” I said, “they were ordered to procreate liberally
with Aryan-type women. At the special breeding farms Hitler
set up.”
“Throughout the 1930s,” Carol said, “all the way up to
the time he died, Paul was in touch with an American sol-
dier. I don’t know the man’s name. One of their topics of
discussion was the possibility that some group or several
groups had an agenda that involved destroying the United
otates.
“Paul was convinced that this group was essentially Nazi76
Jon Rappoport
in character, and that it was operating on the idea that the
best way to take over a country was to reduce it to chaos
first, and then move in.
“As far as my father’s healing work was concerned, he
managed to do that for the last fifty years of his life, but rarely
in an organized way. He didn’t have an office. Linwood
learned a great deal from my father — but the words ‘teach-
ing’ and ‘learning,’ as I’m sure Richard has told you, don’t
have much meaning here. There isn’t any system. My father
said this to me over and over. He looked at a treatment, or a
session, as a kind of theater. The result depended only on
your capacity to grasp the essentials of what was going on
in yourself. It wasn’t so much a matter of discerning the state
of the patient. I say patient — I don’t believe Americans use
the medical terms. Paul knew the problem was in energy or
feeling, and he knew he would get to it by expressing what
was in him.
“It’s a funny thing,” Carol continued, “but people close
to someone who is gifted in this way often don’t respond at
all. I mean family in this case. Neither my mother nor I
wanted treatments from Paul. Once in a great while, when
we agreed to let him work on us, we didn’t feel very much
happened afterwards. I think resentment was part of the rea-
son we held ourselves back. We thought, well, if he isn’t going
to act like a regular father and husband, then we’ll be damned
if we'll reflect anything back to him. A competition set in.
We didn’t want to be put in the same boat, in his mind, as his
other patients. We were supposed to be different, special.
“But I saw people come out of treatments with him totally
changed. Not that they were always happy, because he some-
times tapped into very deep things in them, things they
wanted to forget. But he didn’t care. He went for liberation,
as he said. He wanted people to be masters of the universe.
That was one of his joking phrases, but he wasn’t joking. He
said that anybody ought to be able to lift up a house with his
mind and move it out into the country and set it down ina
nice spot by a stream, and move in.
“He had a mentor, actually two people, a husband and a
wife. I never met them. He started with them when he wasThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
77
very young, still in his teens, and I don’t think he saw them
after he was twenty-five. They were from North Africa. I don’t
know what city or town. Paul spent several years living with
this couple. They all moved to Paris together. He said they
never told him what to do with a patient. Of course, many
things would come up between the three of them in conver-
sation, and this was very helpful up to a point. At first Paul
wanted to meet the mentor of this couple. They told him
that wasn’t possible, because the man, an ex-Tibetan monk
of some kind, from the Kargyupa sect, was traveling in Indo-
nesia. Eventually word came back that he had been in Bali.
That’s apparently where he died. This man was involved with
some Tibetan practice of visualization. His version of it was
supposedly a modification of the original. That’s all I know
about it.
“Paul believed that, in the very distant past, there had
been communities where, in various ways, higher conscious-
ness was pursued completely apart from any religion or
doctrine of metaphysics. Spontaneous healing was an aspect
of an entire spectrum of advancing human powers.”
“What do you mean, advancing powers?” I asked.
“Paul used that phrase. He meant projecting a thought to
another person, being able to move matter with the mind
alone, the creation of matter, the ability to travel in many
spaces without a physical body, but instead an energy body.
All of that and more.”
“And,”
I said, “he believed there was a continuous
historical tradition of advancing powers, a tradition that had
nothing to do with religion?”
“It’s hard to say, about the tradition part. Sometimes he
thought that way.”
“Tt’s not in the history books,” I said.
“No.”
“Perhaps there’s a thread of inspiration that would tie all
these people and communities together, down through time.”
“You mean an idea like a messiah?” she said sarcastically.
“IT mean a principle of some kind that doesn’t bind
people.”
“That liberates them.”78
Jon Rappoport
“Yes.”
“The idea has occurred to me,” she said.
“Did your father ever suggest something like that?”
“No. But he said there had to have been communities of
creators.”
“That was the exact phrase?”
“Yes. He gave an example. He mentioned the original
Taoists, whoever they might have been, and then he said
something even more curious. A community of people who
put on the Greek tragedies. The original community.”
“He had been researching this himself?”
“T suppose so. I don’t really know.”
“You said he was looking into the Dead Sea Scrolls.”
“Yes, when he died. He never told me much about that. I
remember he was involved with what he called Cave 4 docu-
ments. That’s a designation the scholars use to distinguish
various sets of materials. Of course, Paul was also researching
other things in those years, not just the Scrolls. He read works
by Giordano Bruno, for example.”
“Was he specific about the Scrolls?”
“He said he was interested in the problem of the messiah.
Don’t ask me what he meant.”
“You know, “ I said, “you may be the last person I ever
talk to who can give me clues to the tradition, if there is one.”
“Well,” she said, “my father did some amazing things as
far as healing was concerned. I want you to understand that.
I know a woman who was able to move an object with her
mind for a few minutes after he treated her. Looking at a
bracelet on a table, and it slides all the way across and falls
off the edge.”
“Did your father have any of those abilities?”
“Not that I’m aware of, except his ability to trigger the
healing process. Although he wasn’t aiming at cures, people
who had been treated by him were known to have lost
diseases. One patient of my father, a medical doctor, a psy-
chiatrist, had an interesting experience after a healing treat-
ment. He went to see a schizophrenic man at a local asylum.
On the way over to the hospital, on a whim, he went into a
shop and bought a clear glass marble, a large one. At theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
79
hospital, he sat down and held up the marble and told the
patient to look at it. Call it force of will, or whatever you
want, but the patient looked at that marble and in a few min-
utes he became functional. Not sane, but able to function.
There was no logic to it. A month later the patient left the
hospital. The psychiatrist kept telling my father about it. My
father said the psychiatrist had just taken his first step toward
becoming a healer, but it was obvious he would never go
any further, because of his fear of jumping into unfamiliar
territory. ‘But you see,’ my father said, ‘this is how the rela-
tionship starts. If this were to progress any further, I would
see this psychiatrist once
a week and we would talk. He’d
tell me about his own healing work with others, and I would
tell him a little about my own. Gradually this would develop
into a friendship, and we would feed each other. We wouldn’t
recommend technique, we would just talk. Things would
come up, a kind of learning would take place, but not ina
step one step two fashion. Not at all.’”
“Yes,” I said. “I know what you mean.”
“It sounds like Zen,” Carol said, “but historically Zen
became codified.”
“Did your father work with many medical doctors?”
“No,” she said. “He saw a great many artists. Poor ones,
unfortunately.”
“Did he ever talk about his own tradition versus the tradi-
tion of groups like the Nazis?”
“Yes, of course. It was hard to ignore. There is a history of
trying to take from people what is innate to them, and there
is the unknown tradition of trying to restore to people what
they have forgotten is theirs.”
“Ts that your father’s thought or your own?”
“We share it.”
“You two probably share a great deal.”
I kept her on the line for another minute or so, and then
she said she had to go.
“Nothing else you can tell me? There’s so much mote. I
want to hear about some of his other patients.”
“No,” she said. “All I can do is wish you luck ...”24
The conversation with Carol Schuman, daughter and
somewhat reluctant messenger of Paul Schuman, left me with
a great many ideas.
I made a list of potential avenues I could explore.
YN
1.
Paul’s two mentors — North Africa, Paris.
The Tibetan monk — Bali.
Communities of evolving consciousness.
NDR
Communities of creators.
Original Taoists.
Greek tragedians.
Dead Sea Scrolls — Cave 4 documents.
The first two items would take me on a straight line back
into the past beyond Paul Schuman, but since all three people
involved had to be dead, that was no road.
Communities of evolving consciousness and communities
of creators ... In an initial search of various library sources I
found nothing that impressed me. In fact, anytime I verged
on thinking I’d discovered a past group of artists who had a
bent for healing or “consciousness,” they turned out to be
organized around some mystical sect or cosmology that was
drastically limited — full of magic symbols which might
inject rich allusions into poetry, but bereft of real direction.
I had a feeling I wasn’t looking at some of these groups in
the right way. Maybe I was missing something.
The “founding fathers” of Taoism was a myth that was
impenetrable. That was because the essence of Taoism was
no-system. Philosophic structures, Taoists would say, came
long after people had lost the instinct for following the natural
Way of Living. That Way had no code of behavior. It was just
the Tao.
80The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
81
Perhaps Paul Schuman simply saw an affinity between
Taoism and his own inclinations about healing.
The idea of a community of Greek tragedians — say, 5th
century BC — did not show up from my research. The original
performances of Sophocles, Euripides, and Aeschylus were
done by local amateurs. I attempted to discover whether the
language of those plays was sufficiently different from com-
mon speech of the day to be considered esoteric. In that case,
perhaps a community of people had grown up around that. I
discovered that although the language of tragedy was elevated
and artificial, and although the chorus sang and danced their
lines in a kind of meter, the uneducated audience had no
trouble understanding what was presented.
That left Carol’s reference to the Cave 4 documents of the
Dead Sea Scrolls.
I then added several more items out of Carol’s conversa-
tion to my notes: Giordano Bruno; Tibetan Buddhism; and
advanced powers. Next to the last item I wrote “paranormal,”
a more modern term.
Of course, there were hundreds of ways to connect these
subjects.
Bruno was himself an ex-monk — sixteenth-century —
who defied the Catholic Church and its rigid views. He wan-
dered about Europe, preaching a sometimes-lucid form of
mysticism, and a surprisingly modern astrophysics.
Tibetan Buddhism was, in several ways, a spiritual philoso-
phy different from all others on the planet. I made a note to
read a long out-of-print book on the subject by John Blofeld,
a book I had browsed in the early 1960s in Los Angeles.
The paranormal was a subject as broad as the sky. And
Paul Schuman’s interest in it was not hard to infer, if he had
seen it demonstrated in his patients from time to time.
I decided on an open approach: accumulate information
on Bruno, Tibetan Buddhism, the Dead Sea Scrolls’ Cave 4
documents, and “the paranormal,” without going overboard.
I would hopefully see a way of narrowing down things.25
At this point, as I launch into research on Paul Schuman’s
“clues,” I want to assure the reader that I will try to tie them
together. There is an unknown amount of work to follow
down each possible trail left by Schuman, and at least several
chapters will take them up. This is all for trying to understand
what may be a hidden tradition in human history. A tradition
which includes, but is larger than, the kind of healing I have
been discussing.
If such a tradition exists, is it concealed inside an ancient
civilization, in caves, or is it invisible because past events
which seem to us unrelated would, if properly seen, suddenly
join and produce a new awareness?
If such a tradition exists, how does it contrast to the modus
operandi of secret societies?
These are the questions I’m going after.
I won't try to give a blow-by-blow, book-by-book account
of my trip through each Schuman topic. I’ll more or less bring
forward the sets of results en masse.
8226
The Dead Sea Scrolls
Between 150 BCE and 70 CE, a sect called the Essenes lived
“in the wilderness” at the western shore of the Dead Sea,
eight miles from Jericho.
This community thought of its numbers as representa-
tives, students, and preservers of true Judaism, as opposed
to the “heretical” reigning priests in the Jerusalem temple.
Consisting of no more than 200 members at any one time,
the Essenes had, as their overt goal, the seeking of God.
Members “... were to love one another and to share with one
another their ‘knowledge, powers, and possessions’ ... They
were to be scrupulous in their observances of the times
appointed for prayer, and for every other event of a liturgi-
cal existence ...”
In 1947, a Bedouin boy happened upon Aramaic and
Hebrew manuscripts hidden in a cave by the Essenes, possi-
bly shortly before the community’s destruction by Roman
soldiers in the summer of 68 CE.
Several scandals have come to light concerning modern
scholars’ handling of, and access to, these voluminous Dead
Sea Scrolls, which, as it turned out, have been found in eleven
caves.
Reading the English translation of the Scrolls, you are struck
by the fact that the Essenes were a sect dedicated to obedience
to law. Scroll documents allude to behaviors as necessary —
or unacceptable. The sect’s membership standards, its daily
life and practices, its handling of transgressions and expul-
sion were all to be broken down into regulations and followed
8384
Jon Rappoport
to the letter. The rules were of great specific concern to
members.
In fact, one could say that the mural created by the Essenes
was a detailed moral universe, and only in that context would
they allow members to seek God on a long-term basis.
God’s central and exclusive (and swaggering) position in
the firmament-mural is clearly indicated in a Cave 4 document,
The Song of Michael and the Just:
...a throne of strength in the congregation of ‘gods’ so
that not a single king of old shall sit on it, neither shall
their noble men ... my glory is incomparable, and apart
from me none is exalted. None shall come to me for I
dwell ... in heaven ... who is comparable to me in my
glory? ... And who can deal with the issue [statements]
of my lips?
Another Cave 4 document, called The Wicked and the Holy,
goes further in delineating the boundaries of the Essenes’
universe:
In accordance with the mercies of God, according to
His goodness and wonderful glory, He caused some
of the sons of the world to draw near (Him) ... to be
counted with Him in the com[munity of the ‘g]ods’ as
a congregation of holiness in service for eternal life and
(sharing) the lot of His holy ones ... each man accord-
ing to his lot which He has cast ... for eternal life ...
Of course there are those who are inspired by such words.
I readily admit that to me, beyond their poetry, they sound
like a prescription for bondage carried out over a never-
ending period. Would one necessarily want a God to “cause”
or magnetize him, like an iron filing, to come near and serve
Him forever? I gauchely prefer a document called The Declara-
tion of Independence — because it has a little line in it about
the right to the pursuit of happiness, an individual choice
which is, by implication, changeable — without the fear of
ostracism or rejection. The Essenes demanded a severe group-
shunning of members who overtly turned away from the
path of the group’s God.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
85
The Cave 4 document designated 4Q286-7, titled Curses
of Satan And His Lot, sculpts the to-be-avoided evil wrinkle
in the moral space invented by this community: “[... Be
cursed, Ang]el of Perdition and Spir[it of Dest]ruction ... [and]
may you be [da]mned ... Amen, am[en].
“{Cursed be al]ll those who practi[se] their [wicked designs]
and establish [in their heart] your (evil) devices, [plotting
against Go]d’[s Covenant] ...”
Metaphysical light vs. dark. Superstructure good vs. evil.
Consider the authors of these Scrolls as artists and see what
they are inventing — in which invention sect-members will
dedicatedly live their lives. Consider that. Although good
vs. evil of course has its counterparts in real life, the creative
polarizing, to an extreme, of these concepts is an invitation
to tyranny, to elitism, to internal spying and paranoia, to
mountains of rules.
What a community like the Essenes does — regardless of
how much good it performs — is define a painting for people
to inhabit. Then it states that Someone Else runs the painting.
Then it implies that the painting contains a pattern to be
plumbed and understood — which takes a great deal of effort.
In this case the pattern is a moral good-and-evil fabric which
is inextricably woven into the “canvas” — and prescribes
rigid behaviors, as well as suppression of deviation from the
rules of the group.
Again, regardless of how much good the group does, it
does no business with individual power and freedom. Those
are foreign notions.
The Cave 4 document designated 4Q521, titled A Messianic
Apocalypse, begins to flesh out the traditional deeds of a mes-
siah, after it asserts with aggrandizing force that ”..... [the
hea|vens and the earth will listen to His Messiah, and none
therein will stray from the commandments of the holy ones.”
What are some of the traditional acts of the messiah? He
“restores sight to the blind, straightens the b[ent] ... will heal
the wounded, and revive the dead ....”
In another age, would Paul Schuman call these, with more
than superficial intent, “advanced powers?”86
Jon Rappoport
Internationally respected Biblical scholar Dr. James Tabor,
in a 1991 video lecture on the Dead Sea Scrolls, explored the
notion of the messiah and the actions which signaled that he
“was the One the world was waiting for.”
Without necessarily concluding that the Essenes gave birth
to the person now known as Jesus, Tabor discusses three
secret scrolls from Cave 4 which were assigned to the Catholic
scholar Abbe Jean Starcky for translation. These scrolls, Tabor
states, have, in certain respects, very close resemblance to
Biblical texts — namely Isaiah 35 and 61 and Luke 4.
The subject? The coming of the messiah. There are clearly
tests which must be passed if a man is to be elevated to this
supreme status. When Jesus is questioned by disciples sent
to him by John the Baptist — when he is asked, “Are you the
One?” — Jesus summarizes what he has done. He says the
blind have received sight, the dead are raised, the lame walk,
the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear. As Tabor points
out, this reply is “coded” language, which will be well under-
stood by John, and which will indicate that Jesus — or in the
Scrolls, an Essene Teacher — has passed the test to become a
messiah.
The fact that such tests are mentioned in both the Bible
and the Dead Sea Scrolls naturally brings up the question of
“the Essene Jesus.” That issue has been debated on several
grounds by scholars and religionists. My reading of this
debate reveals no clear-cut answer to the question of whether
Jesus was an Essene. However, it does raise fascinating points.
Were there at least two different men, historically, who would
be assessed as potential messiahs on the same standards?
Was there, in fact, a tradition of messiahship in which the
production of miracles was the keystone?
Was this what Paul Schuman was interested in? Is this
why he had studied the issue of the messiah in the Cave 4
documents? Because “paranormal miracles” were key factors?
Given what his daughter said, it makes good sense to me.2/
The Paranormal:
Advanced Powers
Several thousand books have been written about it. It
covers wide, wide spectra of human action and experience.
People make claims for it on television magazine shows. Print
magazines devote themselves to a monthly exploration of it.
What about a scientific analysis of the paranormal field?
How much has really been done?
Margins of Reality is an enormously important book by
Robert Jahn and Brenda Dunne. Jahn is Professor of Aero-
space Science and Dean Emeritus of the School of Engineer-
ing and Applied Science at Princeton University. Brenda
Dunne is manager of the Princeton Engineering Anomalies
Research laboratory.
The book discusses their controlled studies which exam-
ine the direct influence of consciousness on matter.
“Some of these experiments,” the authors state, “study the
interaction of human operators with various technical devices
and systems. Others concern the acquisition of information
about remote geographical targets inaccessible by known
sensory channels.”
Jahn and Dunne’s trials show that, beyond any possible
random variation, the mechanical operation of a machine can
be influenced by the intent of the operator. A kind of “Dalton’s
desk,” as it is called, was employed in one series of experi-
ments. This device allows 9000 small plastic balls to cascade
down from an entrance funnel into bins formed by a tight
display of 330 nylon pegs.
8788
Jon Rappoport
Operators sat eight feet from this device, and attempted
“to distort [the random range of] the distribution of balls in
the bins toward the right ... or to the left [of center] ...”
The conclusion? The authors state, “At this writing, 22
operators have completed a total of 76 experimental series ...
Of these, 8 operators, or 36%, have generated significant over-
all data bases ...” A significant overall data base would mean
the distribution of the falling plastic balls distorted the known
random range, and also matched the stated intention (e.g.,
overload left of center or right of center) of the operator.
This is, as Dunne and Jahn would say, anomalous. Beyond
random results. It indicates the direct effect of consciousness
on matter.
More extraordinary than this result is the outcome of
attempting to measure “operator signatures.” Using three very
different types of random-generating devices — cascading
balls, a flow of electrons, and digital generation — two
operators revealed that their graphs of performance main-
tained a pattern of similarity from one device to another. The
degree and tempo, so to speak, of their ability to distort the
random physical world showed a consistency over the range
of these very different kinds of equipment.
Jahn and Dunne
approaches.
state that operators used various
Some operators self-impose preliminary meditation exer-
cises, employ visualization techniques, or attempt to
identify with the device or process in some transpersonal
context. Others invoke competitive strategies, attempt-
ing to outperform other operators, their own earlier
results, or simply the laws of chance ...
If there is any unity in this diversity of strategy, it
would be that most effective operators seem to asso-
ciate successful performance with the attainment of
some sense of ‘resonance’ with the device.
For example, one operator states,
I don’t feel any direct control over the device, more
like a marginal influence when I’m in resonance withThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
89
the machine. It’s like being in a canoe; when it goes
where I want, I flow with it. When it doesn’t, I try to
break the flow and give it a chance to get back in reso-
nance with me.
The feeling of resonance was very familiar to me. It hap-
pened every time a person had been on my table and I had
done a healing session. Richard has said that, for him, there
was a potentially infinite number of “melodies” in that respect.
The two most obvious were: He could simply resonate with
the overall energy of the person; or he could introduce a new
energy which would result in the person expanding his energy-
reach. In either case, a kind of integration (healing) would
occur.28
Further experiments undertaken by Dunne and Jahn
involved what they call RPR: Remote Precognitive Perception.
This tests the ability of a person to identify a geographical
target at a distance before another pre-selected person shows
up at that scene. Of course, the geo-target is adequately con-
cealed from the “remote perceiver.”
To avoid obtaining only anecdotal results, Jahn and Dunne
constructed a rather complex mathematical model, so that
they could determine performance above and below a set
norm. Acknowledging that this type of experiment offers
challenges to scientists seeking quantitative certainty, Dunne
and Jahn nevertheless conclude, from their work:
Using ... [our] experimental protocols and analytical
scoring methods ... individual percipients [remote
perceivers] can acquire statistically significant informa-
tion about spatially and temporally remote target
locations by means currently inexplicable by known
physical mechanisms.
In fact, some of the most convincing results Dunne and
Jahn obtained were in cases where the perceiver misread an
element of the remote target in a startling way.
For example, parts of a Saturn rocket at NASA, in Houston,
were chosen as a remote target. The pre-selected person, or
agent, went to that location in Houston. (In all experiments
an agent was used, because he might provide a “beacon” the
perceiver could lock onto.) The perceiver totally missed the
chosen target. Instead of remotely perceiving the Saturn
rocket from his location in Princeton, New Jersey, he saw a
scene in which the agent was playing on the floor with a
eroup of puppies.
90The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
91
It turned out that “Later that evening,” write Jahn and
Dunne, “before learning any details of the [perceiver’s incor-
rect remote] perception, the agent visited a friend’s home
where he played at length with a litter of newborn pups, one
of which he was prompted to purchase.”
Again, the remote perceiver “saw” this before the agent
met the puppies.
To my surprise, I’ve discovered that supplies of reliable
experiments in paranormal areas are large, the results are
clear, and the extent of confirmation and replication of the
research is formidable. Unfortunately, no ongoing currents
of “news” have been fashioned out of these results. The
experiments are generally treated by the press as quirky,
unverifiable happenings, at best suitable for program-filler
on slow days.
Who knows what would happen if even 5% of the cumula-
tive evidence of paranormal occurrences were alive and well
out in the minds of the general populace? By a kind of conta-
gion based on acceptance and a growing confidence, we
might see, before our eyes, a large upsurge in paranormal
achievements — an evolutionary step. Of course, in that case,
a great deal of nonsensical “knowledge” about humanity
would have to go on the junk-heap of history — especially if
the range of paranormal occurrences were not just percolating
in a small elite — but at every level of society.29
With a background at Princeton and the Stanford Research
Institute, Dean Radin has also been Director of the Conscious-
ness Research Laboratory at the University of Nevada, Las
Vegas. He has worked for Bell Labs and Contel. His recent
book, The Conscious Universe: The Scientific Truth of Psychic
Phenomena, provides a truly remarkable overview of accom-
plished results reported in paranormal research.
Radin leaves no doubt that the paranormal has already
been proven to exist by the most conservative experimental
methods, and that the delay in public acceptance is largely
due to a skewing of facts in the press and in certain halls of
academia.
The “ganzfeld” technique is a method to test telepathy.
The so-called sender is absolutely isolated, by experimental
design, from the receiver. What is sent telepathically is usu-
ally an image. The image may be selected, for example, by
the sender from a pack of photos.
After the sending period is over the receiver is shown the
pack of photos. The receiver then ranks the photos in degree
of resemblance to his impressions during the sending phase.
If the receiver ranks the actual telepathically sent photo
“number 1,” the session is scored a hit. Any other outcome is
considered a miss.
Details of experimental design have been modified over
the years by various researchers. Attempts have been made
to upgrade the ganzfeld approach through better scoring
methods, more certain isolation of sender from receiver, and
blinding of any intermediaries who might unconsciously (or
intentionally) tip off the receiver about what was sent to him.
92The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
93
Radin offers a number of examples of hits. For instance,
from the work of well-known researcher Charles Honorton,
a 1990 experiment — in which video footage of a suspension
bridge collapsing into water was telepathically sent to the
receiver — yielded the receiver’s following impression,
recorded during the sending period:
“... Something, some vertical object bending or sway-
ing ... Almost like a ladder-like bridge over some kind
of chasm ... it’s coming down...”
Honorton, in 1982, presented a paper at a national Para-
psychological Association meeting “summarizing the results
of all known ganzfeld experiments to that date.” Honorton
concluded that the weight of the evidence was clearly on the
side of accepting telepathy as a real occurrence.
Psychologist and confirmed skeptic Ray Hyman! took
issue with Honorton, and both men agreed to do meta-
analyses of the history of the scientific ganzfeld literature.
Their opposing views were published in 1985.
Subsequently, Hyman admitted that, on 28 studies which
showed hit rates at all, the percentage of hits, collectively,
was remarkable. But Hyman wasn’t ready to concede that
the explanation was actual telepathy.
What ensued was a professional debate between
Honorton and Hyman. It spanned the next six years. During
this time, upgrades were made in the experimental ganzfeld
design: Computers were introduced to automate procedures;
video players recorded the pools of image-messages which
the sender would choose from; and electromagnetic shielding
was introduced to further isolate the receiver from accidental
or deliberate “message-leaks.”
By 1991, new computerized “autoganzfeld” studies had
been run. The research literature showed 354 sessions, using
' Ym told Hyman has subsequently given both grudging acknowl-
edgments and outright denials of “anomalous” (paranormal)
results on studies of psychic phenomena. If this is so, I myself can’t
discern a pattern of logic in Hyman’s reactions.94
Jon Rappoport
240 men and women, in eleven separate studies. The overall
hit rate for the eleven studies was 34%. This remarkable out-
come was about the same as the total hit-rate calculated by
Honorton and Hyman in their 1985 meta-analyses of the
entire ganzfeld literature up to that time.
Hyman published a statement in which he called these
new results “intriguing.” He then asked for further work from
“independent laboratories.”
Dean Radin summarizes just such ganzfeld research from
1991 to 1997, carried out by seven separate researchers. He
concludes that “each of the six replication studies ... resulted
in point estimates [significantly] greater than chance [could
account for].”
Looking at the history of the ganzfeld research literature
from 1974 to 1997, which encompasses 2,549 experimental
sending-sessions, reported in over forty journals, Radin con-
cludes that initial positive results have been replicated over
and over.
“Psi [telepathic] effects do occur in the ganzfeld,” Radin
writes.
Radin proceeds to examine the complete allied research
field of perception at a distance.
From the 1889 “ESP cards” of French Nobel laureate
Charles Richet, to the huge body of work of researcher J.B.
Rhine, and beyond, Radin reports on experiments in “guess-
ing” concealed cards.
By the 1940s, Radin writes, “142 published articles described
3.6 million individual trials [at guessing the faces of care-
fully concealed cards] generated by some 4,600 percipients
in 185 separate experiments.”
Radin states that in the most tightly controlled of these
experiments, the hit-rate of accurate guesses was significantly
above chance. He quotes a statement reacting to these and
related studies from the chairman of the Department of Psy-
chology at the University of London, H.J. Eysenck (1957):
Unless there is a gigantic conspiracy involving some
thirty University departments all over the world, and
several hundred highly respected scientists in variousThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
95
fields, many of them originally hostile to the claims of
the psychical researchers, the only conclusion the
unbiased observer can come to must be that there does
exist a small number of people who obtain knowledge
existing either in other people’s minds, or in the outer
world, by means as yet unknown to science.
Radin reviews what have popularly been called remote-
viewing experiments, carried out with $20 million from
agencies of the U.S. government, between 1972 and 1994 at
Stanford Research Institute and at SAIC (Science Applications
International Corporation).
Radin confirms that results in psychically locating and
describing secretly selected geographical targets have been
successful. He cites a government report issued on SAIC
remote viewing studies done between 1989 and 1993. An
oversight committee, which included statistics experts, a
Nobel prize-winning physicist, and an Army major general,
concluded that remote viewing ability is quite real.
Even Ray Hyman, the dyed-in-the-wool skeptic on ganzfeld
experiments for six years, stated, “I agree ... that the effect
sizes reported in the SAIC experiments probably cannot be
dismissed as due to chance ... So, I accept Professor Utt’s
assertion that the statistical results of the SAIC and other para-
psychologists’ experiments ‘are far beyond what is expected
by chance.””
Radin goes on to examine the history of mind-matter
interaction research, concluding that “After sixty years of
experiments using tossed dice and their modern progeny,
electronic RNGs [random number generators], researchers
have produced persuasive, consistent replicated evidence
that mental intention is associated with the behavior of these
physical systems.”
What about “mental interactions with living organisms?”
Radin recounts three separate studies done between 1962 and
1972, in which researchers in New Jersey, France, and the
Netherlands “all observed significant changes in receivers’
finger blood volume when a sender, located sometimes
thousands of miles away, directed [stimulating or calming]96
Jon Rappoport
emotional thoughts toward them.”
Psychologist William Braud is credited with having accu-
mulated the “largest systematic body of experiments” in this
area. His work of seventeen years at the Mind Science Founda-
tion in San Antonio, Texas, consisted of 37 experiments (655
sessions) using 602 people and animals, run by 13 researchers.
“The thirty-seven experiments combined,” Radin summarizes,
“resulted in odds against chance of more than a hundred
trillion to one. Fifty-seven percent of the experiments were
independently significant ... where 5 percent would be
expected by chance.”
These experiments involved separated senders and
receivers, with the receiver hooked up to a monitor that
continuously measured skin conductivity — “electrodermal
activity.” Such activity is associated with unconscious changes
in emotion. The sender, at randomly chosen moments, was
told to think about the receiver with one of two motives: to
emotionally arouse or calm him. The results of such attempts
are measured by electrodermal fluctuations.
Clearly, the positive statistical results of these studies show
that contact, through thought, is being made between human
beings at a distance.
Radin concludes, “The [positive] implications for distant
healing are clear.”
Although Paul Schuman was obviously not alive during
the period of much of this research, he might have been aware
of some earlier forerunners of it. Regardless, I felt certain
that the sorts of results which I have been discussing were
part of what was on his mind as he considered “advanced
powers.”
Suppose, when he read Cave 4 documents of the Dead
Sea Scrolls, he was in fact seeing the so-called miracle tests
for a messiah in conjunction with this arena of paranormal
activity.
That was reasonable. Of course, such a crossover similar-
ity has been pointed out before. But for a man immersed in
healing, it can pique the interest in a compelling way. For
example, Paul may have begun to conclude that many dif-
ferent manifestations of the paranormal — of which healingThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
97
is one — were connected by common threads. Threads of
awareness, of attuning to events and people, of imagination,
of desire to surmount ordinary experience.
In that case, he could have thought that new universes
were just over the horizon for him. After all, if he had already
found one zone, healing, why wouldn’t other zones become
accessible to him?
And if he could expand in that way, perhaps many, many
other people could, too.30
Giordano
Bruno
I continued my exploration of the clues Carol Schuman
had left me about her father Paul.
I was, of course, aware that I was operating on supposition.
But ... why not? When that’s the door that is presented, walk
through it.
Carol mentioned that Paul had an interest in Giordano
Bruno, the 16th-century ex-monk who had left his position
with the Catholic Church and taken to the road, so to speak.
Teacher, philosopher, poet, dramatist, and outspoken critic
of “limitations of thought,” Bruno traveled all over Europe
fearlessly spreading his ideas, in various venues, until his
arrest by the Church for heresy.
Bruno’s works are not easy to tackle. But you always feel
you are on the edge of discovery, and gems are planted along
the way.
He is a revolutionary thinker who straddles several
realms. One of his masterworks, On the Infinite Universe and
Worlds (1584), stretches the imagination as God, the indi-
vidual, the infinite, the universe, planets, space and time are
all thrown into a cosmic soup — just as they are, almost at
the same time, subjected to close analysis to determine their
exact meanings and relationships.
Bruno’s simultaneous approaches tend to make the mind of
the student ricochet like a ball bearing in a pinball machine.
What would Paul Schuman have seen, or reacted to, in this?
I was very taken by Carol’s reference to her father’s heal-
ing sessions as a kind of improvisational theater.
98The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
99
Such reliance on one’s own resources as a healer — or as
an artist — would have enormous personal consequences.
In such a state of mind, rigid concepts tend to melt down
and flow as usable energy. There is a sense of that in Bruno’s
writing. A capacity to gather in energy-strips of the cosmos
and sift them, make large sudden leaps of vision, turn set-
pieces of traditional Church metaphysics on their heads.
In Giordano Bruno: His Life and Thought, author Dorothea
Waley Singer traces a line of influence through Bruno back
to “the philosophers of Islamic Spain.” The effect of this
unheralded tradition was the revolutionizing of European
thought on the basic image of the cosmos.
Singer: “... the earth no longer formed the summit of a
hierarchy. The universe itself came to be regarded as a con-
tinuum rather than as a hierarchy.”
This staggeringly modern idea, which through Bruno
began to take hold in Europe at the end of the 16th century,
implied that energy could transfer or broadcast its essence
through space in any direction without impedance, without
coming across ideological check-points or central ruling
barriers that were set up by Divinity.
If healing is a transference of energy — and one kind of it
certainly can be that — Bruno would be illustrating that the
medium of space is extremely cordial to its progression.
In his seminal work, De magia, Bruno enunciates what
could be taken to be a maxim of paranormal ability:
Thus it is that [the individual soul] doth apprehend
most distant species, in an instant and without motion
... The power of each soul is itself somehow present
afar in the universe ... Therefore certain impediments
being removed, suddenly and at once it [the individual
soul] hath present to it the most remote species which
are not joined to it by motion.
Whether one takes healing and the sending of energy
as events in wave-physics or as “instantaneous arrivals” at
distant points, Bruno has described the phenomenon and
affirmed it. Not only that, he also depicts the “traveling”
aspect of healing in which a person instantly connects to100
Jon Rappoport
places /images/ happenings from another mysterious place.
Bruno bypasses the pre-defined universe of Catholicism,
with its hierarchy of priests and saints and divine, judging
entities. The Church of Rome hated him for it. Bruno was
called an atheist by the Inquisition at Rome, which insisted
on taking over his case from the Inquisition at Venice, where
he had originally been arrested.
Bruno’s writing is saturated with references to spiritual
essence cloaked in various names. To call him an atheist is
like labeling Einstein nothing but a hard-headed mathema-
tician.
But the Church was reeling from the unexpected exposure
to a mind — Bruno’s — that suddenly cast off limits like petty
housekeeping duties. Such duties of the Church consisted
of relentlessly creating a universe replete with rules, named
entities in full dress, and human sin that must beg for
redemption.
Like any good cult, the Church had painted a space, had
said it was run by Someone Else, and had conjured an intrin-
sic pattern embedded in the space. In a lifetime, with a great
deal of work, one might understand and appease this
complex pattern by relying on its link to the divine — called
a priest.
The alternative to this devotion was an eternity in fire and
lakes of feces.
Bruno, again in De magia, beautifully, and with great
generosity, depicts the idea of resonance, which I’ve alluded
to above as a feature of healing and paranormal sensing:
Thus since the soul of the individual is continuous with
the soul of the universe, it is not impossible that it may
be carried to bodies which do not interpenetate with it
... as if innumerable lamps are lit and together give the
effect of one light, nor doth the one light impede or
weaken or exclude the other.
Similarly when many voices are diffused through-
out the same space, even as with light rays. Or as we
say popularly, the rays are spread out to receive the
same visible whole, where all penetrate the sameThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
101
medium, some in straight lines and some obliquely,
yet they do not on that account interfere one with
another; so the innumerable spirits and souls diffused
through the same space interfere not at all with one
another, nor doth the diffusion of one impede the
diffusion of the infinity of others.
The imagery of this joyous, if slightly vague, piece of onto-
logy caused a huge reaction in the Church — for its omissions.
Bruno’s animated universe is not about guilt. He makes no
pronouncement of authority, as in Who runs cosmic space?
He places no one in hierarchical relation to another. Bruno in
fact clears the decks for the non-denominational triumph of
the human spirit. At once mystical and lucid, Bruno applauds
Reality as he finds it. He refuses to build into the universe an
absolute need for human redemption sought through the
channel of a single sacrificial lamb.
Though Bruno could have become bogged down and vague
in a metaphysic of interconnected souls, he also shocks us as
he springs out in Whitmanesque glorification of the individual
— long before it was physically safe to be moved by such
feelings and visions:
“Henceforth I spread confident wings to space; I fear no
barrier of crystal or of glass; I cleave the heavens and soar to
the infinite. And while I rise from my own globe to others /
And penetrate ever further through the eternal field, That
which others saw from afar, I leave far behind me.”
At the end of The Five Dialogues Concerning the Infinite
Universe and Worlds, Bruno has Albertino ask for a fresh
reinterpretation of the cosmos. If we understand that he is
uttering these words at a time when the Earth-Heaven space
authored by the Church of Rome was a closed issue, when
individual freedom and power were potential clues to
heresy, we can perhaps begin to taste Bruno’s courage:
Open wide to us the gate through which we may
perceive the likeness of our own and of all other stars.
Demonstrate to us that the substance of the other
worlds throughout the ether is even as that of our own
world. Make us clearly perceive that the motion of all102
Jon Rappoport
of them proceedeth from [the impulse of] the inward
soul: to the end that illumined by such contemplation
we may proceed with surer steps toward a knowledge
of nature.
Bruno seems to verge on saying that each one of us, as a soul,
animates the universe.
That would not only clear the deck of so-called rulers and
gods and various invented watchdogs who claim to dominate
the infinite (for our own good), it would suggest the potential
for retraction, as it were, of the whole physical universe into
the individual soul.
Bruno comes close to turning upside down the entire
formula of the secret society and exposing it for what it
generically is: self-appointed insiders who define a universe,
manufacture its ultimate content and administer it.
In this exposé , Bruno is an unlikely ally with a tradition
which was walled off from Europe in the 16th century, the
mysticism of Tibetan Buddhism.
For his trouble, his wisdom, his great spirit and his poetry,
Bruno was stripped naked, tied to a stake, and taken to the
Square of Flowers in Rome on Saturday, February 19, 1600,
where the Church burned him alive.31
Mystical Tibetan Buddhism
Is there a clue to “a hidden tradition” in the environment
of Bruno’s time?
Forces on the planet which, sooner or later, are seen to be
repressive follow a pattern.
It is one thing to celebrate a felt God with inspired art,
with frescoes on the walls of churches throughout Italy.
The artists themselves come to be recognized as creative
forces. But when their work, their adornments, are used as
mesmerizing emblems within the universe of the Holy
Catholic Church, which Church has set itself up as the Earthly
arbiter of all matters spiritual and moral ...
Of course, no period of civilization presents this dual
aspect of human life more sharply than the Italian Renaissance.
Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Piero, Raphael — their use by Holy
Rome to “televise” images of the Church’s spiritual world to
the people was brilliant. At least from the point of view of
men who wanted to control the minds of human beings all
over the world. At the same time, secular patrons were so
anxious to commission works by the great artists of the time
that, gradually, the personal stature of these painters and
sculptors grew into a form of demi-godhood.
The human being as creator.
The human being as designer of worlds of his own making.
Were various historical messiahs in this same crux? Did
they in fact create “miracles” which were paranormal occur-
rences, and were they then used by religious cults to symbolize
universes whose ultimate purpose was the tyrannical rule
of humans?
103104
Jon Rappoport
In 1961, when I began to paint every day in my apartment
in New York — results or execution or skill were not my
goals, to be sure — when I threw caution to the winds and
untied my imagination, I found that I was looking at my own
abstract paintings piling up all around me as worlds, as
events in spaces that were beyond the everyday. To me, these
paintings were not decoration, they were even more than
windows. Looking at them for long periods of time, I found
meanings. These weren’t describable with exactness, but they
were flying, battling, triumphant, energy-loaded happenings
... and the consequence was, oddly enough, that my life was
changed forever.
I moved into another echelon. By the action of creation I
arrived in spaces where aesthetics and emotion were inten-
sified, were infused into line and energy and object on the
canvas, were the currency of reality itself. And when I turned
away from the paintings and walked outside on the streets,
this transformation held. The essence of my paintings walked
with me. The world of the street was not any longer unchange-
able, irreducible Reality; it was a space another “painter” had
made ... as if a moment ago. It was fascinating, it had curves
and hidden corners I had never noticed before, and like the
shapes in my paintings the buildings on the street spoke of
themselves and, in a non-ordinary language, spilled out emo-
tion. And how fantastic that was! But I knew for all time that
the street was another painting — miraculous, yes, because
paintings were miraculous — but no more than that. Not a
final reality. Not a final oppressive reality. And somehow,
that became a very great comfort for the soul.
If Giordano Bruno came close to saying that the individual
being somehow animates the physical universe, then the
mysticism of Tibetan Buddhism appears to take it the rest of
the way.
It is not my intent to summarize all the spiritual practices
of this ancient (and current) group, particularly since practi-
tioners and teachers have a variety of interpretations, but a
few of its basic concepts are vital to understand:
The physical universe is not the work of God or gods. It isThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
105
actually a delusion, in the sense that we mistakenly take it to
be objective reality. The physical universe is a manifestation
of mind.
With that concept in tow, certain sub-groups within Tibetan
Buddhism move to a practice that challenges the primary
human delusion head-on. In his book, The Tantric Mysticism
of Tibet, John Blofeld spells out this visualization practice,
after warning his readers not to leap into it. The Tibetans
spend years preparing themselves for it.
Visualization is normally performed in a meditation
cell ... However, some adepts, especially those of the
Kargyupa sect, prefer solitude while they are mastering
it. Walled up in a room or cave for a specified time —
say, three or seven years — the adept hears no human
voice but his own... his days are devoted to a chosen
sadhana (visualization practice). By the time he
emerges, he has become so skilled in creating mental
constructions that he clearly perceives the exterior
world in its real character as a manifestation of mind.
Blofeld goes on: “[Tibetan-style visualization utilizes] forces
familiar to man only at the deeper levels of consciousness, of
which ordinary people rarely become aware except in
dreams. These are the forces wherewith mind creates and
animates the whole universe ...”
One of the vital visualizations consists of a “deity or
personified mind-force.”
A minute description [of the deity] has to be memorized
[such description given by a teacher and/or mandala-
painting or scripture]: posture, clothes, ornaments, hair,
body-color, eyes, expression, arms, hands, fingers, legs,
feet and sometimes environment. Beginners have to
create the parts separately and, as more and more are
envisioned, those created first vanish. It is as though a
sculptor’s statue were to begin melting while he was
still at work on it. With practice, however, the adept
learns to evoke instantaneously a figure complete in106
Jon Rappoport
all its parts ... the deity ... enters the adept’s skull and
alights in his heart. Mastering the art of visualizing a
colored figure that is perfect in every detail is only the
first step, for the figure will be static — a mere picture.
With further practice, it comes alive as a being seen in
a dream. Even that is not enough. As higher states of
consciousness supervene, it will be seen to exist in a
much more real sense than a person, let alone a dream;
moreover, persons, like other external objects of percep-
tion, are of little consequence to the practice, whereas
this shining being has power to confer unspeakable
bliss [to the visualizer] and, after union, to remain one
with the [visualizer] adept and purify his thoughts and
actions. In time, the sense of [this deity’s] reality may
become too strong and endanger the adept’s concept
of everything (the mind-created deity included) as being
intrinsically void. The Lama will now order him to
banish the deity — a task more difficult than its creation.
Much could be said about this remarkable description,
perhaps the single most amazing statement in all of Western
spiritual commentary. For me, entering into the metaphysic
behind it introduces a slippery slope. But in general, for
Tibetans, the void is a term which is meant to show that all is
created, and that behind creations — including an invention
as wonderful as a deity — is really a state prior even to
potential form. Blofeld is indicating that awareness of the
void is a central lesson for all adepts, and immersion at too
deep a level in any creation is a mistake that has to be cor-
rected. In this case, the adept is told to get rid of his invented
companion-deity.
There is a large number of introductory lessons and prac-
tices which the student must engage in before getting down
to the kind of creation described by Blofeld. I feel that, as a
non-Tibetan, such preludes of mantra-sounds, symbols of
concentration and evoking, culturally-based entities which
are used to signify various human traits ... all of this makes
studentship hard. I don’t feel a kinship with the forms of the
Tibetan culture at a deep enough level to take them on as theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
107
substance of the most profound kind of education.
That being said, the Tibetan statement of the role of creation
in all realities may be the clearest and the most important
ever enunciated on Earth.
As we've seen, on an elementary but quite interesting
level, the scientific results of large numbers of paranormal
studies show that the physical universe can be affected directly
by mind. Why not extrapolate, take this much farther? That,
in a sense, is what the Tibetans have done.
Given Paul Schuman’s interest in Giordano Bruno and
the paranormal, it seemed to me that the visualization practice
of his mentors’ teacher, the Tibetan ex-monk, had to be close
to the one Ive just described. A practice which goes far beyond
simply invoking a spirit. A practice which, in fact, creates
reality.
Indeed, much could be written that extends out from the
above quotation by John Blofeld, from the visualization prac-
tices of the Tibetans.
Start with the stark idea that gods can be made by us.
And that we should be celebrating this fact to the extreme,
not using it to minimize the possibilities of life. Look at the
specific practice of the Tibetans, in which the deity created
by the student actually assumes traits. It can “confer bliss”
to the student. It can “purify his actions.” This deity is not
merely a cardboard photo. The student, it is claimed, has the
capacity to invent a creature which is, in its own way, alive.
Alive.32
If you can see the mechanisms by which cults and secret
societies plentifully create limitations for humans ... if you
can see this done over and over throughout history, isn’t it
reasonable to ask why this is necessary, if, as many “experts”
are fond of saying, humans are intrinsically quite limited?
Why insist that a human concentrate his vision on one
fabricated world he didn’t make — unless he has the potential
to make worlds, and to drastically affect the composition of
this world ... with his mind?
10833
If Paul’s interest in the paranormal was as I imagined,
that definitely fit in with the other clues I was putting together.
Research in the paranormal shows that, beyond doubt,
people can directly modify the universe-as-we-know-it with
their minds. They can reach out into remote space and “read”
the landscape. They can communicate meanings without
words — with energy or thought — over a distance. They
can change the random flow of matter in space.
Is it eminently rational to think that we, as human beings,
are defined by being able to do only A LITTLE BIT of that?
Shall we blindly accept that?
10934
“Tf individual reality becomes fluid,” perverse elitists say,
“then how can we control huge numbers of people? The
world itself, on every level, will stop being singular, and the
obedience we require will disappear. We won't be able to
wield, forever, authoritative patterns and their unchanging
symbols.”
Absolutely correct.
11035
The Formula of the Secret Society
Let us return to one of Paul Schuman’s interests: The
Essenes.
The Cave 4 documents of the Dead Sea Scrolls feature a
test for messiahship, as I explained earlier. The elements are
these: A messiah has given the blind sight; he has raised the
dead; he has made the lame walk; he has cleansed the lepers;
and he has given the deaf hearing.
These are remarkable feats.
But for a moment consider the following:
In an experiment called “Human Consciousness Influence
on Water Structure” (Journal of Scientific Exploration, v.9, no.1,
pp. 89-105, 1995, Pyatnitsky and Fonkin), the study-authors
report, “The ability of human consciousness to change the
structure of water is indicated by experiments utilizing light-
scattering ... recordings. Alterations of scattered light intensity,
correlated with an operator’s intention, can exceed by factors
of 10 to 1000 the statistical variances observed before or after
operator interaction. Such effects have been demonstrated
by several operators, and appear to be operator-specific,
although enhanceable by training.”
The results of this and many other studies do, of course,
make a link to the kind of miracles discussed in the case of a
messiah.
Now, if you take the Bible and the Cave 4 documents,
and many other religious accounts of messiahs, you see that
the stories are all cut from the same cloth, as is the background
religious myth that is built up to pigeonhole these messiahs.
No one can prove that the messiah miracles were really
111112
Jon Rappoport
performed by any of the men I'll discuss now. In fact, there
is scholarly doubt that some of these men ever existed. But
what can’t be overlooked is the juxtaposition of the miracle-
account and the subsequent casting of the man who DID the
wondrous things into a sticky bind that tries to envelop the
human race.
Historically, this is the cult of cults.
Consider the following:
1.
The savior called Mithras was born 600 years before
Jesus, in Persia. He was “born of a virgin with only a
number of shepherds present.”
2.Mithras was called The Way, The Truth, The Light, just
3.In Mithraic times, on December 25th, “there were
magnificent celebrations with bells, candles, gifts,
as Jesus was.
hymns ...”
4.
Atdeath, Mithras’ body was put in a tomb which was
made of rocks and called Petra. (Peter was the rock on
which Jesus would found his church.)
5.
“The followers of Mithras believed that there would be
a ‘day of judgment’ when non-believers would perish
and believers would live in a heaven or ‘paradise’ (a
Persian word) forever and ever.”
6.
Horus, the Egyptian God who is said to have existed
3,000 years before Jesus, was called the way, the truth,
and the life — just as Jesus was.
7.Horus received a water baptism from Anup. Jesus was
similarly baptized by John.
8.Horus was born in Annu, called the house of bread.
Bethlehem, Jesus’ birthplace, was also called the house
of bread.
9.Horus and Jesus were both depicted as “The Good
Shepherd.”
10.There were seven in a boat with Horus. Seven fisher-
men shared a boat with Jesus.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
113
11.Horus was called both the lamb and the lion. So was
Jesus.
12.Both Horus and Jesus are identified with a cross.
13.Horus was said to be the son of a virgin and of a God.
14.Both Horus and Jesus had 12 followers, disciples.
15.Kersey Graves, author of The World’s Sixteen Crucified
Saviors (NY: Truth Seeker Co., 1875), cites the case of a
“heathen Savior” Virishna, who was born at least as long
ago as 1200 BCE. Virishna was issued from a virgin. As
with Jesus (and Herod), Virishna was also “threatened
in early infancy with death by the ruling tyrant, Cansa.”
16.The birth of Virishna was attended by shepherds and
17.Virishna brought about miracles. He cured the sick,
18.
19.
angels.
made the blind see, cast out devils, and brought the dead
back to life.
Virishna was killed on a cross between two thieves. Then
he rose up from the dead and went to heaven.
Graves also mentions “an ancient Chinese God, known
as Beddou.” Born in 1027 BCE to a virgin, his life was
threatened at an early age by a king. He “cast ... out
devils ... performed a multitude of the most astonish-
ing miracles, spent his life fasting, and in the severest
motrtifications ...”
20.
Quetzalcoatl of Mexico, born about 300 BCE, to a virgin
named Chimalman, “... led a life of the deepest humility
and piety; retired to a wilderness, fasted forty days, was
worshipped as a God, and was finally crucified between
two thieves; after which he was buried and descended
into hell, but rose again the third day.”114
21.
22.
Jon Rappoport
The Egyptian God Osiris was born on the 25th of
December.
Killed, Osiris eventually rose into a second life. Resur-
rected in the spring, he lived as a God on Earth. His
ritual “consisted primarily in the celebration of a
Eucharist meal, in which the communicants ate the flesh
of the god in the form of wheat-cakes and drank his
blood in the form of barley-ale. By so doing, his divinity
became their own ... [and they became] heirs with him
in his eternal kingdom.”
23.
Versions of Osiris appeared in subsequent cults: the
Adonis-Aphrodite cult; the cult of Cybele; Orphism; the
Pythagorean cult. Exactly what form the gods of these
groups took and who they were is difficult to say. What
they had in common was a link to the savior who, by his
own Sacrificial death, could confer a piece of immortality
on believers. All these and many other similar cults pre-
dated the birth of Jesus.
24.
Persian Zoroastrianism contained the doctrine of proph-
ecy concerning “a great virgin-born savior.” The sched-
uled times of arrival for this messiah were/are 341 CE,
1341, and 2341.
This list does not constitute the full number of cults and
religions which have stated a messiah story. And about those
mentioned here, there is debate. Did all these messiahs actu-
ally exist? Were they men who, as in the case of a Jesus
reshaped by the Apostle Paul, were mythologized into roles
of supernatural saviors?
Much has been written and argued about these questions,
though not many scholars fully expose the number and simi-
larity of messiah stories. Obviously, the Catholic Church and
Christianity come up the main losers in the extraordinary
history of saviors in various cultures and times.
My points are these:
A number of cults, which came to play major roles in theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
115
lives of several billion people, took over the theater-art of
The Messiah Story. It plays very well. These cults have
painted and defined a space in which a man is born without
sex, of a virgin. The man is a humble teacher who lives a
righteous life, who loves God (or who is a God during his
life). This man performs miracles — raising the dead, giving
the blind sight, and so on. This man is eventually killed and,
in that death, atones somehow for the weakness and the evil
of all humankind — or at least for all his faithful believers.
This man, in a true miracle, rises from the dead and lives
again, and this proves his status and the legitimacy of what
he has done. His atonement is real, it works, and others may
seek salvation through faith and proper ritual.
The solidity which has come to characterize these mes-
siah tales can be seen, at its best, in the Catholic portrayal.
The Messiah Story is no small thing, no mere fairy tale for
a rainy day. It is shaped and built to last the ages and paint/
define a universe in which righteous people have but a single
choice for their eternal futures.
Regardless of whether such messiahs actually lived or did
the miracles attributed to them, regardless of the amount of
retroactive reshaping of “saviors’ lives” to create a restricted
universe of guilt and atonement for the masses ... there is a
hidden effect for the people of Earth. By repetition of this
Story, over thousands of years, it becomes clear, through
implication, that a man who can make “miracles” (paranormal
events, to use the terminology of today’s researchers) must
be a savior. Therefore, there can only be a few “paranormals,”
since there can’t be thousands or millions of saviors running
around the planet.
No, we must only have a few great ones, so that the rest
of us can take solace in their transcendent lives, and bring
our own minor existences into line by prayer, devotion,
confession, hope for redemption, by following rules laid
down for us and by struggling up the ladder of faith.
Is this a cultic pre-defining of space or what?
To go further with the repressive implications, any person
who can perform miracles must be sent by a deity, and owes
his/her entire allegiance to such divinity. In fact, paranormal116
Jon Rappoport
abilities come into being only through the grace of some
higher Somesuch. These abilities are not part of us. The last
thing the cultic mind wants to admit is that these extraordi-
nary capacities are intrinsically part of us.
And here is another historical propaganda-implication:
To do miracles is to die on the cross. Messiahs are the sacrifi-
cial lambs. They come to their day of pain, and they die.
Beyond this, never, never, never do the saviors try to show
us how to do what they can do. Their miracle-making is not
a gift to be imparted.
So, according to the cultic architects, we shouldn’t think
of paranormal healings and the direct effect of mind on matter
and rising from the dead as things that can be done by us.
Think of them instead as fabled miracles that bring with them
grave and somber responsibilities for a few men.
This is the cult-myth of myths.
This is history as subliminal mind control.
This is the ceiling that has been placed on the human race
through sheer trickery and appeal to our desire to resonate
emotionally with tragedy.
What do you think will happen if the exercise of all sorts
of tremendous paranormal abilities spreads and seeps further
and further into the planetary culture? When more and more
people can do it? When doing it is not a science or a religion
but an expression of something deep within us?
That will be a dawning, yes?36
Perhaps Paul Schuman was trying to piece together the
plus and minus of a very long planetary tale.
What is the tradition that Paul and Richard and Rachel
Jenkins were looking for? That I now find myself looking for?
I wrote down words and phrases, trying to get a feel for
it: The Tradition ... healing, multiple dimensions, fluidity, the
removal of walls which are not truly walls, the removal of
delusionary repressive art, such as the messiah stories, the
joining of separated energies, the deep soaking-in of art, the
taking away of reality which has been propped up for us, the
restoration of individual creation of realities, the paranormal,
the reduction of cultish Earth-control to dust, the taking down
of cosmological systems from austere pulpits and podiums
of authority. Spontaneity, improvisation.
Is this a tradition?
All this?
Yes.
Shall we call this tradition a process? Is there a word that
describes it? One word?
I spent time searching for terms. I temporarily settled on
one because it would enable me to discuss the tradition at
greater length.
Imagination.
Creation by imagination. The bringing into being of
multiple realities.
At the same time I didn’t want to imply that the whole
tradition was only the sort of imagining in which things and
scenes and realms were projected from nothing onto a
vacuum.
117118
Jon Rappoport
No, this tradition also involves creation in an expanded
unfrozen free spectrum of merging, becoming one with, worship,
empathy, traveling in an interior way to places that mysteriously
already exist. This form of imagination is so fluid that the
mergings and the worshippings don’t stick up like glue, don’t
eventually give rise to clans and cults and institutions of
doctrine and coercion.
What ties together the healer, the person who can bring
about all the paranormal events, the visualizer of deities who
can create a personage that is in a real sense alive, the capacity
of a being to reach out across the universe, the artist?
Fluidity yes, but not only that. Empathy but not only that.
It is what would be liberated within a person when he is
liberated, so in that sense freedom is a correct word, but it is
too wide.
The tradition is the opposite of the formula of a secret society, a
cult, a religion, an institution that creates art in order to imprison
the mind. The opposite.
I think back on many sessions I have watched Richard
Jenkins give, on days and years of painting in studios, on
days of going into museums and looking at wonders all
around.
Liberation, un-hypnotism.
A tradition that, in one aspect, asserts that a human being,
a being, a soul, can potentially make and vanish any part of
the universe and make novel realities out of nothing.
I can find no single term that absolutely covers this tradi-
tion, so I shall call it imagination, knowing that we will need
a wider interpretation for this word, a sense that involves
more than creating what wasn’t there before, but also takes
in moving through realities that are already there ... that takes
in everything that I have mentioned in this chapter.
Of course there is a great deal to be done to flesh in
connections and show that this Tradition of Imagination is
coherent. For the meantime: The act of imagining or creating
needs to be seen as intimately involved with what we could
call “enchantment” in a physical, mental, emotional, artistic
and theatrical sense.
This refers, in part, to the moment when a painter looksThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
119
at his canvas and puts the first brushstroke of paint on it, the
moment when the dreamer takes his first step across the
threshold of a room into the dream, the moment the healer
places his hands on the person who is seeking transformation,
the moment the actor walks out onto the stage to deliver his
first line as a different personage, the moment a person moves
through interior space to a location that is not the physical
world but is unaccountably familiar, the moment a receiver
is ready to feel the transmission of a telepathic message, the
moment a poet cracks down walls surrounding his being and
moves into new territory, the moment a singer begins ...3/
When I say that imagination or creation takes in such
actions or states as empathy, fluidity, merging with, and
worship, I know that I am stretching the conventional defi-
nition. But think about it. Worship, for example, is the
assumption of a role, an attitude in which the object of
attention reached out to is made to increase magnificently in
stature, in beauty, in soulship. If that isn’t an achievement in
the realm of art, what is?
It is just that we have learned to freeze that attitude, to
play that role as the highest of all postures in a picture-frame
of gilded religion. Who legislated that?
Worship the frog, the blade of grass, the concrete sidewalk,
the gossip gab-sheet, the night of stars, the ocean smashing on
rocks, the funnel of a tornado, an ant. Some of the great poets
— Whitman comes to mind as perhaps America’s greatest —
did that.
It is a shining aspect of the Tradition of Imagination. But
frozen, warped, forced to maintain its humility, worship is a
part of the opposite Formula of the Secret Society.
12038
Now that we have made this beginning, this stating of
the Tradition of Imagination, the examples stream in.
The closest historic parallels, in the West, to the aspect of
Tibetan teachings I’m telescoping may be Henri Bergson, the
19th-20th century philosopher, and William Blake (1757-
1827). Blake, while immersing himself by poem and etching
in a world of religious-spiritual entities, also placed the
creative act at the center of life in a ferocious way.
In the didactic poem, “There is No Natural Religion,”
Blake establishes a startling position vis-a-vis creation. “The
bounded is loathed by its possessor. The same dull round,
even of a universe, would soon become a mill with compli-
cated wheels.”
Spoken like an artist who has visited many shores and
abhors boredom.
In “All Religions Are One,” Blake enunciates this principle:
“That the Poetic Genius is the True Man, and that the body
or outward form of man is derived from the Poetic Genius.”
Rarely, on this planet, has such a startling alternative to by-
the-book creation myths been offered.
In the same poem, Blake writes a variant on that theme:
“As all men are alike (tho’ infinitely various), So all Religions
... have one source. The True Man is the source, he being the
Poetic Genius.”
Blake thus stands the Formula of the Secret Society on its
head. This is one reason academics have given his philosophy
a wide berth. He is simply too inspiring on the potential
creative power of humans.
As to his stance on art and its core role in the life of the
individual, Blake makes this remark in “The Laocoon
121122
Jon Rappoport
Group:” “You must leave Fathers and Mothers and Homes
and Lands if they stand in the way of Art. Prayer is the Study
of Art. Praise is the Practise of Art. Fasting, etc., all relate to
Art.”
Two brief comments within The Laocoon Group reveal
extensions of Blake’s uncompromising view: “Art Degraded,
Imagination Denied, War Governed the Nations.” “... Israel
Deliver’d from Egypt, is Art deliver’d from Nature and
Imitation.”
Aristotle made the first great and binding definition of
art as “the imitation of nature.” With his last statement above,
Blake establishes one of the earliest and clearest positions in
the West on art that surmounts the Aristotelian prison. Blake
places the artist at the center of creation.
If we, as a society, could elevate the values of art and imagi-
nation to the foremost pinnacle, he is saying, war itself would
wither away.
Blake’s genius was as a poet. That he also saw so well the
meaning and place of creation is unique among artists of the
West.39
Buddhism was brought into Tibet about 1300 years ago.
The original Lamas (adepts) were Tibetans and Indians who
had attended the Universities of Nalanda and Vikramashila
in north India. The student body at Nalanda numbered 30,000.
Tibetan Buddhism contains a number of sects and subsects.
The Vajrayana tradition, for example, which utilizes major
visualization practices such as the one described in an earlier
chapter, consults a “special section” of the Tibetan Buddhist
canon ignored by other sects. This section apparently describes
these deity-visualization practices, and was itself originally
translated from Sanskrit. Therefore, the tradition, as an import,
seems to have arrived from India.
Tantric practices in North India 1300 years ago were quite
popular. They included what were probably less refined
versions of the later Tibetan visualizations.
I have no doubt that, depending on who is teaching the
subject, and who is learning it, Tibetan visualization could
function to deepen one’s dependence on an already invented
Pattern of inner truth. That would, of course, be a losing
proposition. There is that danger in any philosophy that
purports to bring about individual liberation while spelling
out “the nature of the universe.”
The student is taught that reality has an intrinsic anatomy,
and then in the next breath he learns that reality is his own
invention. Various explanations are given to show that these
two views can be reconciled: It is all a matter of levels, aspects,
higher and lower, of the truth.
Is it? Often the student opts for the Pattern, and freedom
and the whiff of adventure are slowly drowned in a stagnant
pool.
123124
Jon Rappoport
It is not my intention to pull apart the body of the subject
called Tibetan Buddhism. I have no interest in making a
judgment about its position relative to human freedom. From
what I can discover, Tibet has maintained a remarkable
equanimity, even in current exile, about the existence of a
practice — deity visualization — which obviously could
carry the practitioner beyond rote obedience to religious
ceremonies and authority. Historically, it is, in fact, clear
that the states of consciousness attainable through deity-
visualization — as far as the Tibetan theocracy is concerned
— would take the practitioner to places beyond any ruling
Tibetan government/ religious hierarchy.
The Tibetan theocracy seems to tolerate this idea.40
Tantra is a word that means “thread,” and implies a time-
continuum. As Geoffrey Samuel points out in his excellent
book, Civilized Shamans, the Vajrayana deity-visualizations
derive from an earlier tantric tradition in India. Shamanic
and magical in practice, it intensely sought higher states of
consciousness.
It appears that the root, in India, of this form of tantrism
dates back to 400 CE, and perhaps earlier. Samuel estimates
that in India single isolated gurus would have attracted small
eroups of disciples.
Beyond this — so far — I haven't been able to trace the
history of Tibetan deity visualization.
12541
Here is another account, by author and world traveler
Alexandra David-Neel, of Tibetan tantric deity visualization:
A deity is imagined; it is first contemplated alone, then
from its body spring out other forms sometimes like
its own, sometimes different. There are often four of
them, but in some meditations they become hundreds
or even innumerable.
When all these personages have appeared quite
clearly around the central figure, they are one after
another absorbed in it. Now the original deity remains
again alone and gradually begins to disappear. The feet
vanish first and then slowly the whole body and finally
the head ...
One may also imagine a lotus. It opens slowly and
on each of its petals stands a Bodhisattva, one of them
being enthroned in the heart of the flower ...
Many novices do not proceed farther. Thus dryly
described, such visions cannot but appear absurd ...
They provide the recluse with spectacles which rival
the most beautiful fairy-plays that can be seen on the
stage. Even those who are well aware of their illusive
nature may enjoy them, and as for those who believe
in the reality of the divine players, it is not surprising
that they are bewitched.
However, it is not to amuse the hermits that these
exercises have been invented. Their true aim is to lead
the disciple to understand that the worlds and all
phenomena which we perceive are but mirages born
out of our imagination.
126The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
127
“They emanate from the mind/ And into the mind
they sink.”
In fact this is the fundamental teaching of Tibetan
mystics.
This assessment is extraordinary because, again, it places
us, as beings, in a central place of creation.
Misinterpretations have arisen, based on attitudes which
some people have taken toward the idea of the physical
universe as delusion or mirage. As in, “A delusion just hit a
man in the street going sixty miles an hour and he is now in
another delusion called the hospital.”
Obviously, we have already made our definition, and it
does not fit the Tibetan view. For us, a mirage is thin, it has
no weight, it is not lasting, it is translucent and distorted, it
causes a person to act irrationally, and so on.
Therefore, we say, the universe is not a delusion, and all
those people on the other side of the world must be crazy.
They are trying to deny the reality of their own painful,
poverty-stricken lives, and this is their strategy. That is all
there is to it. QED.
Not so.
The Tibetans simply have a different definition. It is based
on their being convinced they have had the experience of
creating something at least as real as the physical universe.
Let me relate a personal experience. Over a period of
sixteen weeks, I have tried out a simple version of the
Tibetan visualization technique John Blofeld described. I
picked a rather jolly image of a genie from a film I had seen
some years ago, and I “brought him up.”
This was not a sacred enterprise. It was an experiment.
With my eyes open, I placed this genie around in my room,
on the couch, on the bed, standing next to the bureau, sitting
on the toilet, suspended in mid-air — wherever I wanted
him. I made him very tall so I could see only his legs, and I
made him three inches tall sitting on the lip of an ashtray.
I did this every day, for a few minutes, for sixteen weeks.
I did it on the street and at home and in the middle of128
Jon Rappoport
conversations.
I liked this genie.
Sometimes he was just there laughing, and sometimes he
walked around a bit.
One night, I was lying in bed, and I imagined the genie in
a small size on my windowsill. At that point, a question
suddenly occurred to me out of the blue. It evaded all the
million “rational thoughts” I’d previously collected on the
issue.
“I’ve been creating this genie, and I’ve been doing it every
day ... did anybody create me?”
At that instant, I felt and heard an explosion at the back
of my head.
When my surprise died down, after about twenty seconds,
I realized I felt different. Very different. I had just shed a skin.
I felt very relaxed and contented.
The world, such as it was, I realized quickly, was in fact
my oyster.
If I wanted to generate knowledge, wisdom, I could do
that, much as one might unfold a little toy out of his pocket.
I was in an exceptional state of good humor. Things might
be out of whack in the world itself — and of course they
were — but I was not immersed in the bubbling morass.
People were running around in their own peculiar directions.
If they wanted to straighten themselves out, all they needed
to do was ... what? Well, just realize which synchronizations
they needed to tune. Yes. For example, a friend of mine
couldn’t sleep at night. She was always up at 2 am for three
or four hours. Now I saw that this was simply and only a
matter of her sense of time. It was faster than other people’s.
The acceleration factor had made their 6 p.m. her 11 p.m. This
wasn’t a neurosis or a deficiency, it was a fact. She could
accept it, in which case everything would be all right, or she
could make a few internal adjustments in skull-land and
change the time-rate.
The clarity of this little cameo was on the order of a moun-
tain peak in December under a full-lit moon.
I mentally sauntered through various modest situations
in the lives of people and I saw, like a tinkerer in his work-The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
129
shop, how their problems could be dispensed with in mere
moments, either by accepting them as “slightly different gear
and cog settings” or by using their innate fix-it faculty (which
I had just found for the first time) to reset the relevant screws.
Without congratulating myself too heartily, I dropped my
cogitations and just cruised into feeling like Cary Grant in
His Girl Friday.
Amused, inwardly thrilled (as in very few moments of
my life) by second-to-second existence, ready to trip the light
fantastic, argue, gab, win the prize, whatever it might be,
and generally take on things and events and people coming
down the pipeline.
I got out of bed, made a few calls, put on some clothes,
and went out on the town.
If my visualization practice for those few months had
brought me to the brink of an extraordinary experience as
the payoff — and it had — then I knew there was something
to this.
Without drugs, without precedent, realities don’t just
change like that. But they did.42
More on the Tradition of Imagination.
Author Alexandra David-Neel describes Tibetan exercises
of becoming:
For instance, the disciple has chosen a tree, as an object
of meditation, and has identified himself with it. That
is to say that he has [temporarily] lost the consciousness
of his own personality and experiences the peculiar
sensations that one may ascribe to a tree. He feels him-
self to be composed of a stiff trunk with branches, he
perceives the sensation of the wind moving the leaves.
He notes the activity of the roots feeding under the
ground, the ascension of the sap which spreads all over
the tree, and so on.
Then, having mentally become a tree (which has now
become the subject), he must look at the man (who has
now become the object) seated in front of him and must
examine this man in detail.
David-Neel goes own to describe another such exercise,
in which the student, using his imagination, has his con-
sciousness “leave its habitual abode [in the head]” and go to
his hand. “... he must feel himself to have the shape of five
fingers and a palm, situated at the extremity of a long attach-
ment (the arm) ...”
Then the student, as the hand, has to view the rest of the
body.
“One attains,” David-Neel writes, “by the means of these
strange drills, psychic states entirely different from those
habitual to us. They cause us to pass beyond the fictitious
limits which we assign to the self.”
Consider this statement by Walt Whitman:
130The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
131
“There was a child went forth every day,
And the first object he looked upon, that object he became,
And that object became part of him for the day or a certain
part of the day,
Or for many years or stretching cycles of years.”
Resonance. Fluidity. The extension of realities. Creation.
The Tradition of Imagination.
We visualize something.
We merge with something.
We become something.
We dream of something.
We project.
We invoke.
We worship.
We conjure.
We can move smoothly from one of these aspects or ways
of the Tradition of Imagination to another, like the sun’s
shadow moving on a sundial, without even knowing it.
When, for example, we create an image of someone we
desire we may swoop into a state of worship. Then after a few
moments or a few hours or a few days, we may merge with
(become) that person. Or move into a non-rational dream.
Those who have fashioned religions have, with few excep-
tions, frozen down this many-sided process into worship, as
I said in an earlier chapter.
They have, consciously or unconsciously, played on the
natural human capacity to “move” through the spectrum of
imagination, and they have made a counter-universe in
which worship is the primary or only accepted form when
push comes to shove. This is an effort to narrow the mind
and being of humans, and it has worked.
When you take away the trappings and the clever scripture
of most religions and secret societies, you are face to face
with a very workable form of mind control. By engaging the
human process in one gear only, (and by pre-defining the
only single universe which exists, run by Someone Else), you
set the stage for long-term tyranny. That is what it comes
down to.132
Two vastly divergent existences:
Jon Rappoport
The Formula of the Secret Society, and the Tradition of
Imagination.43
Although they administer it, those who run the most
powerful elites on the planet do not fully understand the
depth and nature of repression. They couldn’t. Because, at
the root, they are suffering from the same disease as their
pawns. They, too, unknowingly have sacrificed their wide-
ranging imaginations — and their fluidity — and they are
living in half-light.
The future of this overall repression for the human race is
violence which produces something worse than chaos. It
eventually makes robots all around. A world as a machine,
from top to bottom. That is a place where all beings go to
live when they have forgotten the real joy of their fluidity.
When they have never learned about a different Tradition.
The Imagination.
133PART TWO44
The Formula of the Secret Society:
A Case History
Here is an account that shows how a combination of cult-
art and coercion can hold a person inside a secret society,
particularly when the art, the pre-defined space, is manipu-
lated in a hide-and-seek way, replete with contradictions and
progressive “revelations” and far-out vignettes. A pattern is
created which is very complex, and the idea is to make the
member want to understand that pattern.
This report is not as bloody or sensational as many.
I was told by a man who perhaps once worked for the
CIA that he could introduce me to a woman who had been
in a secret society. He thought I would be interested in her
story. This man said he had worked in El Salvador, and his
sketch of his mission there generally and vaguely conformed
to published reports about American activities carried out
against the Salvadoran people.
The man told me he had taken part in surveillance against
Salvadoran university students in the 1980s. Some of these
students were working with revolutionary groups. Several
teachers were murdered at that time. I had interviewed
Miguel Parada in Los Angeles in the early ’80s. Parada was a
brave and temporary president of the University of El Salva-
dor who was in the U.S. on a fund-raising trip. The military
had already partially taken over the University, burned books
and disappeared several student leaders. Some years later, I
was told Parada had been murdered too.
136The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
137
The American (possible) ex-CIA employee told me he had
been a minor advisor to death squads within the Salvadoran
military. The job of these squads was to carry out torture and
murder of peasants and revolutionaries — to terrorize the
part of the Salvadoran population which might go over to
the side of the revolution.
I asked this man how he had come to know the woman
who had been part of a secret society. He wouldn’t tell me. I
asked him if the CIA had any connections to this group. He
said no, and told me the group no longer existed. Several days
later, he introduced me to Karen, who was in her early 30s. I
found her to be extremely well-read in mystical literature.
When Karen was nine, her mother moved from Ohio to
Texas and married a man who was involved in a cult, a secret
society. This group at first appeared to be informal, consisting
of ten or twenty friends who studied Rosicrucian philosophy.
Karen’s mother discovered, after doing a little research,
that there was no single central Rosicrucian doctrine. As with
the Masons (after 1717), and other mystical groups, many
people had taken a popular group-name for their own to
gain a following, and to inject doctrine and symbols from
outside sources — alchemy, hermetic philosophy, Christian
mysticism, Tantra, to name just a few.
Karen’s mother Jane had come across a central fact about
secret societies. They are often fractured into various sub-sects
with different ideas — but still maintain the central name.
This confuses everyone.
The Masons are a perfect example. The best-researched
version of Masonic history I have found shows that, prior to
1717, the secret degrees of initiation were only three. The
society went public, in England, in 1717 and announced its
existence. After that point, every ambitious cult-organizer
with a program and a platform in Europe jumped on the
bandwagon and started his own Masonic Lodge with his own
unique degrees of initiation. From three, the number of
degrees swelled to 33, and in some cases, to 65. Some Lodges
became political and conspiratorial, others piled on imagery
and tales of ancient mythical masters of the East, of legendary138
Jon Rappoport
spirit-hierarchies connected to Egypt, of so-called ascended
masters whose company of names became more bloated with
time.
Understand, each divergent Masonic lodge did not announce
itself as independent. Quite the opposite. These spin-off groups
claimed more profound “historical authenticity” or “higher
truth” as their reasons for being Very Masonic, More Masonic,
Most Masonic.
Jane’s new husband in Texas, Carl, and his friends had
invented a Rosicrucian group that was a cover story for sexual
rites. According to Karen, in the three months she was in
Texas, before her mother fled with her to another state, she
herself was fondled on an altar during ceremonies in a dark
room in the back of a store. She watched a boy being
“baptized” in a tub full of “blood-colored water,” and saw
her mother in chains being led off into a car by Carl and a
friend of his on a Sunday morning.
Jane was raped by Carl several times; she reported this to
local police. The police arrested Carl. The District Attorney’s
office declined to prosecute the case because there was no
reliable physical evidence.
When Karen graduated high school, in California, she
joined a mystical society which was an entirely independent
and bizarre impostor of the old German group, Brotherhood
of Saturn. Saturn may have had its own beginnings as early
as 1700, in Scandinavia. Karen was promised 33 degrees of
attainment and initiation. She subsequently discovered that
the 19th degree, called Magus Sigilli Solomonis (Magician of
the Seal of Solomon) by the German Brotherhood of Saturn,
was named The Hexagram by her own group. Karen found
out that the hexagram — a familiar figure formed by the
meshing of two triangles into a six-pointed star — is often
called the Shield of David or the Star of Israel. It is displayed
on the flag of the State of Israel, and is the key symbol of the
nation. Known also as the Seal of Solomon, after King
Solomon, it was a prominent symbol of the old Catholic secret
society called the Knights Templar.
In fact, Karen discovered that this hexagram /star, through
time, has done quadruple and quintuple duty. It is the primaryThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
139
mystical symbol for “the integration of opposites,” and for
the merging of the four elements, Earth, Air, Fire and Water.
For the European alchemists, it summed up the capacity
of what was called Quintessence, or life-force, to keep a state
of order among the four elements, which otherwise would
fly apart into chaos.
“T studied the symbol,” she said,
because they wanted me to have it tattooed on my
wrist. I thought I should at least understand what it
meant before I went ahead. The more I read in librar-
ies, the more meanings I found. In the Kabbala, the
Seal shows a merging of the God of Light and the God
of Reflections. I found scholarly books that claimed
Solomon, the name itself, means ‘highest light’ in three
languages, if you break it up into its syllables.
In purely Jewish terms, the star stands for the six days of
creation by God (six points of the star), and the blank center
is the day of rest, the Sabbath.
Also in the Jewish tradition, the star — whose upward
pointed triangle stands for fire and whose downward triangle
signifies water — became the sign for alcohol. As in “burnt
water” or “fire water.” This star, hexagram, shield of David
is translated magen David, which of course is a spelling very
close to the name of a popular Jewish wine.
“The mystical group I belonged to,” Karen said, “had
many meanings for the Seal of Solomon. It confused me a
great deal. They had it decorating their meeting room in a
dozen different places. They had robes for advanced members
which showed the star on the right sleeve and a swastika on
the left.
A gold-painted six-pointed wooden star hung from
the ceiling above the podium they used for meetings. At first
they told me the star was an object of meditation. Then they
said it was an inner form on the ‘plane of divination,’ as if by
meditating on it I would be able to tell the future. Then they
said it was the sign of a knight, a warrior, whose job is to
bring knowledge to the world. Then they said the star con-
nected us to the past, and they showed me research from140
Jon Rappoport
several scholarly dictionaries. The star had been found on a
Roman silver plate at Coleraine, in Ireland, fourth century,
and on a Jewish grave marker at Tarentum, third century.
We were impressed by the longevity of the symbol. They
took it back much further. There are several books written about
the legendary continent of Mu, by James Churchward, in which
he shows a version of the star and dates it at 25,000 years
ago. I never did find any evidence for the existence of Mu.
“Finally, one night at a meeting, they told the new mem-
bers that the star was the merging of light and reflection,
and all humans, in their current state, were mere reflections
of a higher possibility, a higher realm. The light-and-reflection
idea is actually in the Kabbala. A Kabbalistic or alchemical
meaning of the two triangles is male and female. The male
principle is the upward pointing triangle, and the female is
the downward triangle. My group got around to the merging
of male and female reflections to produce a more powerful
state of being. I could see they were going to pair me off
with a man in the group I thought was very unattractive. He
was one of the nineteenth-degree people.
“T asked if this was a regular ceremony of the group. I
was told it was, ‘when the time was right.’ Jim, a fifteenth
degree, told me I should visit a special site outside of town.
“He drove me to a farmhouse. I don’t know who the
owner was. It looked abandoned, but one room was very
fancy. There were wall hangings of gold-painted figures
dressed in warrior and angel costumes. A few of the male
figures had scorpion tails. The ceiling was painted with blue
clouds and black flying disks and spheres. In the corners of
the room were silver-colored throne chairs made out of wood.
The floor was covered in detail with all kinds of strange
symbols in a flowing script. I have no idea what the symbols
meant. Jim told me this was a meditation hall. He also said it
was used for sex between assigned members. I thought this
was a fantastic place. I had never seen anything like it. It
made me feel special. I wasn’t scared. I wanted to be in the
room. It was like a theater, but it really meant something. I
was sure every symbol in the room had a special meaning.
I’m a scholarly person some of the time, so to me, at eighteen,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
141
this was a banquet. I saw myself going to libraries and finding
out where the symbols came from. I was in love with it right
away. It really sold me on the group. I even considered
making a room like that for myself at home, but I didn’t.
“Jim assured me that no harm would come to me if I went
along with the group’s rituals. I asked him why I should
cooperate. He then went into a long story about the Seal of
Solomon and how it actually predicts the future. My future,
he said, was already written. It was inscribed in the center of
the Seal. Where,
I wanted to know. In the Great Records, a
library that existed in a different dimension that was available
to our members, psychically, if they were above the seventeenth
degree. He had read my record, and I was supposed to be
matched up with this man I didn’t like.
“Jim said he could intercede for me. This would involve
another connection with Great Records to search for alterna-
tive possibilities. He took my hand. I was frightened. He led
me out of the room and through the barn again. We walked
to his car. He drove to a place I won’t mention. It was out in
the country. A man was waiting for us in his car. He wore a
suit and I could see he had a walkie-talkie on the front seat.
He said he was from the County, and he wanted to talk to
me about my little brother, who had been truant from school
quite a bit. He said the County could take him from my
mother and put him into a foster home. That was all he said.
“That’s how Jim and I started our relationship. It was
basically extortion. But I wasn’t sure about that. Maybe Jim
was trying to protect my little brother. That’s what he said. I
was confused. I tried to get my mother to leave town, but
she wouldn’t. The relationship with Jim lasted almost a year.
During that time I saw people in the group sacrifice animals
in another room in a different place. I only went there twice.
I hated it. I had to kill a fish while it was in a tank of water
and pass the parts around after it was cut up. I don’t even
eat fish. This was done to get me to cross a line, to get me to
do something I wouldn’t ordinarily do. Guilt was the thing.
We were all bound together by our sin, if you take the Chris-
tian point of view. I don’t, but the principle is the same.
“They put up some drawings of mystical figures for the142
Jon Rappoport
group on the walls of the room in the barn. Colonel Henry S.
Olcott, who was the main follower of Helena Petrovena
Blavatsky, who founded Theosophy. Also drawings of Madame
Blavatsky. Jim and the others had stories about these people,
how they were in contact with our group through afterlife
realms. I finally met Peter, the leader of our group. He had
been on a trip to Europe. He told me Madame Blavatsky and
Colonel Olcott were now ascended masters who could give
the group special instructions and insights.
“The thing was, I read Madame Blavatsky’s works, and I
finally figured out that she had done the same thing. She
had claimed that she was in contact with different masters,
the Brotherhood of Luxor, from ancient Egypt, and the Great
White Brotherhood, from Tibet. She made them up. I’m sure
of it. But back then I wasn’t sure of it.
“They had Madame Blavatsky in the fold, they said they
had Tuitit Bey, the head of the Brotherhood of Luxor, they
said they had the ghost of Carl Jung occasionally visit them
and give sage advice. They had Seals of Solomon everywhere
and crosses too. The cross, they said, stood for the union of
the sexes. It was a universal meeting point.
“A man named Mr. Franks showed up at a few of the
meetings. He was an outsider, but I felt he had business with
the group. I didn’t know what it was. Drugs, maybe. I
couldn’t tell. They didn’t trust me enough to say.
“When I had been in the group for six months, they gave
me a book to read. It was done on a computer, and there
were illustrations. The book gave the so-called ancient lineage
of our group. The book said our group owed its existence to
a Girtablullu, which I’ve since looked up. It does exist in
mythology. It’s from early Mesopotamia, two thousand years
before Christ. The Girtablullu is a super-being. He has the
head of a human being, with horns, a human body, the claws
of a bird, the back end of a bird, a scorpion’s tail and a penis
with a snake’s head. He’s supposed to be a very strong helper
against demons.
“The book then goes off in a completely different direction.
The Girtablullu is the husband of an Egyptian goddess, and
they have children who are outcasts from Egyptian society,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
143
because of their appearance. These outcasts roam the world
for many centuries and settle in desert regions, interbreed
and have families. They leave a scripture.
“The Girtablullu scripture, strangely enough, talks about
the Indian yantra, which is a form of the Seal of Solomon. At
least Peter — the head of the group — tells me this is what
the Girt manuscript refers to. The yantra has possibly been
tracked back four thousand years in India. That’s when the
mythological Girtablullu supposedly existed.
“Meanwhile, this book they gave me to read says that the
triangle is the formation-pattern of the cosmos, that the
universe was made while a God or Spirit-Energy was con-
templating the triangle. The three equal sides stand for a
balance of forces. The male force, the female, and the Other
Principle, the Quintessence.
“Quintessence is a term from alchemy, and it means the
life-force. The book says that to develop this Quintessence,
you have to extract it from objects and living things. This is
taken to mean that animals have to be sacrificed. This is not
the meaning from alchemy.
“IT was amazed that the system of this group was so
complex. The higher I went in degrees, the more I saw that
politics was one obvious aim of the group. How to get and
keep members. What to tell them so that they joined and
stayed, how to get donations from members and their fami-
lies. Secret prayers and incantations were handed out, and
there were long explanations that went with them, tracking
them back to ancient Egypt and the Mayan civilizations. I
found nothing in any book in libraries that matched this. I
mean, Egypt was never like this. The super-mystical societies
of Egypt and the mystery schools there had names I had never
heard of and couldn’t locate.
“Getting new members and keeping them was equated
with spiritual ability. If you were strong, you could bring in
people to the meetings. We were told this was our group, and
then on the other hand all the teachings and the doctrine came
from somewhere else. So it was a contradiction, one of many.
“We were told that all our envisioning was necessary to
make the group grow larger and have its thought influence144
Jon Rappoport
the world. In the higher degrees there were long ceremonies
in which we were taught about the secrets of collective group-
will, through concentration exercises, and we were used to
focus on certain geographic areas of the planet, in many cases
for the purpose of preparing the ground for the arrival there
of missionaries from our headquarters.
“These concentration secrets were said to come from ancient
Egypt and Sumer, and we were given a history to go with
them. There was a story about a fallen god of Egypt who
crashed some sort of advanced vehicle in the desert ten or
twelve thousand years ago, and healed himself and drew
followers from nomad tribes. He showed them how to find
water under the Earth.
“As far as I could tell, this group I belonged to had
collected lore from all over the place. I never met anyone in
the group who seemed intelligent enough to have written the
materials. I was told by Jim that Peter really wasn’t the head
of the group, he was only the local person in charge, but that
there were others from out of town, out of the country, out of
the galaxy who were always there and could help us.
“The Seal of Solomon kept coming up time and time again.
They used it as a device for focus — but they also tied it into
Egypt. Egypt had six periods of greatness, they said, and this
corresponded with the six points on the star. Egypt was com-
posed of alternative dynasties of male and female power, even
though the outward rulers were mostly men. This balance
or integration was symbolized by the meshing triangles of
the Seal. Egypt was the land where sexual union was first given
its complete due, twenty thousand years ago. In other words,
ceremonies and rituals which brought out the greatest intense
energy in sex were stressed in secret Egyptian teachings.
Twenty thousand years ago, aspirants learned that to achieve
the amount of necessary energy for carrying out materializa-
tions, you had to multiply it in the body and the aura through
sex. So sex wasn’t looked at as a romantic thing with marriage
as the goal or the expression. Sex was a tantric avenue. A
materialization was said to be possible once a person reached
the heights of sexual expression. A materialization meant the
bringing into being of objects and energies.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
145
“T was told that above the twentieth degree you learned
the most advanced sexual ceremonies and began the visual-
ization of materializations.”
Karen met members of this group who were “almost
rednecks with a taste for violence,” and people who were
much more scholarly in their interests. Meetings were semi-
public and attended by between thirty and forty people. Secret
meetings, ten to fifteen. The core membership was perhaps
forty.
Karen was once told that when the world was created,
the Spirit-Energy which did it had really contemplated the
Seal of Solomon. This was the catalyst that allowed the
creation to progress and succeed.
“We were led in many group meditations on the Seal. The
idea, I suppose, was that it would prepare us for the act of
our own creating. Of course we were told that only by the
concentration of force and power within our group could
we hope to achieve more than simple focus on a sign or
symbol. In other words, manifestation or materialization was
a property of the group mind.
“T used to do simple candle exercises. They were recom-
mended by Jim and others in the group. We had candles with
the Seal of Solomon on them. I would sit in a dark room and
focus on a single burning candle. After doing this for a few
months almost every day, I felt stronger. My concentration
was better. I was quite excited. I told another woman in the
group and she warned me to be quiet about it.
“T began to look at the meditations and the ceremonies in
a different light. They were there to give us a feeling of
solidarity and not individual strength.
“There were rumors in the group that we had a connection
to fascists or Nazis. It wasn’t said that way. It was framed in
terms of wealth. We had connections to a few wealthy men
who had an agenda that involved Nazi objectives. The rumors
always contained a disclaimer. We weren’t in with the Nazis,
but if they had money to throw our way, well, why not?
Perhaps they thought we were on their side. That was all right.
“Jim said he had been to Illinois and had spoken with a
few of these people, these Nazis. He said they weren’t bad at146
Jon Rappoport
all, they just didn’t have the metaphysical background we did.
“People would keep referring me back to the Seal of
Solomon. I couldn’t see how that tied in. The more I studied
the symbol, the less clear things became. Peter said I had to
have faith, and I would learn about the ultimates, as he called
them.
“Peter would take me to cemeteries. We would walk
around between the grave markers and he would point to
some of them and say they had been drained of life by the
Spirit-Energy and the Girtablullu because they no longer had
anything to contribute to life. I asked him if he meant they
had been killed. He said of course not. The group had nothing
to do with that.
“T kept studying the Seal of Solomon and found out that
the Knights Templar, a medieval European secret society of
Catholic knights, had used the Seal as their symbol. They
supposedly started the Masons, and broke the symbol into
two pieces which formed the open triangles — the compass
and the square — that are the signs of the Masons. The
Masons, like us, had thirty-three degrees of initiation. This
convinced me again that these groups took ideas from each
other. There aren’t any copyrights in cults.
“In the group, Peter was placing a lot more emphasis on
the Bey, as he called him, the mythical head of the Brother-
hood of Luxor. We were supposed to ask for things from Bey
and pray to him to give us light and allow us to see the Vision.
The Vision was the meaning of the Seal of Solomon. We were
supposed to look for that and find it, seek and find, seek and
find.
“Peter showed us new drawings and posters of the Seal. I
don’t know where they were coming from. He said we should
study the little symbols around the edges of the Seal and try
to intuit what they meant. Then a few days later he brought
in a whole glossary of these little strange signs and letters. I
think they really were alchemical notations, but Peter said
they stood for the deaths of great men and women throughout
history who had found the truth of the Vision, who had pene-
trated to the core of the Vision.
“Finally, one Friday night at a private meeting, Peter toldThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
147
us that the Vision was sacrifice. This was the meaning of the
Seal, the surrendering of self into harmony with its opposite.
He went on for some time about the ordeals of Jesus and
said that was what we all were being groomed for. The days
of Sacrifice ahead. We were going to find a new land for our
group in the desert or the mountains close by, and we were
going to build a paradise for ourselves, which would serve
as an example for the world of how people should live and
work together. This would be a community of the Spirit-
Energy, and we would learn much more about Him in the
years ahead. Our community would be dedicated to Him, in
fact, and His glory would be reflected in us for all the world
to see. Building this paradise would be very hard work, and
we would have to dedicate ourselves to it every day for the
rest of our lives.
“T didn’t want any part of it. That was going too far.
“My mother and I made plans without telling anyone.
We shipped out our belongings to a friend quite some distance
away. She just walked out of her job one afternoon, and she
and my brother and I drove out of town about a hundred
miles. We stayed at a motel overnight, and then we got up
early and went on toward our new life.
[never looked back.
I don’t know what happened to all those people. It was very
hard to say how serious they were about various things.”
For some time after I read over Karen’s account, I was
impressed with how flippant the whole mythology, the whole
cult-mural of the group seemed. But then I decided that the
great religions of the world were not much different. Perhaps
they had just had more time to percolate, to sort out the ritual
and the symbols and the meanings and make their “paths” more
elegant. Because, on reflection, what could be more bizarre
than dying for the sins of others? Let’s see: I have sinned;
you die for me because there is no way I can by myself undo
that sin; sure. Forget Napoleon Hill and Dale Carnegie. The
people who sold that one were miles ahead of the competition.45
The Formula of the Secret
Society
Karen told me that her group gained a great deal of
strength because of its rituals and initiation ceremonies. Of
course, people wanted to belong, and have “friends,” but the
ritual itself was a paramount factor in attracting and keeping
members.
“When I joined,” she said, “I was blindfolded and led
through some kind of tunnel in a cellar in a house we used
sometimes. At least it felt like a tunnel. Maybe it was just a
hallway, but I heard water dripping and echoes.
“T came to a door. They told me when I turned the key I
would be out of the world I had known and into a new world.
I would leave the concerns of the old world behind and find
a new life. As suspicious as I was, this made an impression
on me. I wanted to escape, to find something. I think every-
body does. I turned the key in the lock and the door creaked
open. I could see light through my blindfold. I was led inside
a space. Different people spoke to me. They asked whether I
was pure in my heart, whether I really wanted to belong.
One man had me kneel in front of a bowl or a fountain. Water
was running. He told me a story about ancient Egypt and
the struggles of the gods to bring a new message to the world,
a message of miraculous transformations. It wasn’t only his
words, it was the sensation that I was in another realm. I was
part of a play, and all the focus was on me. The same with the
rituals later on after I was in. We would have members
dressed in costumes of different periods, Puritans and
148The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
149
Egyptian priests and slaves. The room we used, with all the
wall decorations and ceiling painting — we had lights and
some eerie drum music. Once I got used to these ceremonies
I liked them. I looked forward to them. They took me out of
the humdrum. They were better than plays because it seemed
that everybody meant what they were saying. They meant
what they were doing. Your friends were suddenly other
people and they meant it. It was serious. You don’t get that
anywhere else. Even after I doubted the whole purpose of
the group and things started frightening me, I still got a
charge out of the initiations and the ceremonies. I hated the
animal sacrifice part, but that was done in another place, and
the mood was different. I didn’t go there more than twice.
The costume ceremonies were different. Interesting things
happened. It wasn’t the usual boring everyday nonsense.
“T was cast into a role of a goddess. At first it was Isis, and
then Diana. They would dress me in white and have me stand
in front of a doorway. I would move around the room then
and look people in the eyes and sometimes touch them, as if to
reassure them everything was all right ultimately, in the higher
planes. I enjoyed this. People thought of me as a goddess
and when I wasn’t too embarrassed I started giving advice.
It sounds silly now, but then I felt recognized. I was praised.
In some of the ceremonies I was given messages to read from
ascended masters. I was a connection. Do you see? I had
wisdom. And at times I really felt I did. I was being given a
chance to get into that role. Life doesn’t give you that. Life is
too straight. But here there was a part for a person who had
wisdom, knowledge of higher planes, and I could step into
that role if I wanted it, if I had the courage.”
I asked Karen the first thing she remembered about the
group that attracted her.
“A red satin robe,” she said, “with a yellow stripe along
the sleeves. It was gorgeous. It was hanging in a closet in
one of the meeting rooms. A girl I knew took it out and
showed it to me. I was thrilled at the time. It looked so beauti-
ful, and I thought whoever wore it was lucky. Just over the
heart was the Seal of Solomon. That was the first time I saw
it. It was so perfect. The two triangles. The sleeves of the150
Jon Rappoport
robe were very wide. I thought of them as Chinese. I asked
the girl who owned the robe, and she said it belonged to the
initiators, the people who brought you into the group. I felt
that if this costume was used for that ritual, it must be worth-
while to join the group. There was a red satin hood that went
with it. It had a black diagonal across the front. Even now,
after all those years, I still like thinking about it. It’s so excit-
ing, the idea that somebody actually wore this. As if, what
they’re thinking and doing must be important if they have
the robe on. See, there was a promise. That’s what I felt. I felt
that something would be revealed to me, after all those years
of growing up and knowing nothing that meant much. The
symbols on the floor of the room in the barn, those painted
disks on the ceiling. People seemed to care about the mysteri-
ous things.”46
Karen introduced me to
aman named Avi, a former mem-
ber of the group “at another level.” He helped me see how
far a little secret society, with its “curtain of enticing art,”
could go up the line toward really nasty consequences.
Avi told me that the group definitely had Nazi connections,
that beyond the mystical symbols, the stories, the Seal of
Solomon, the ceremonies, the costumes, the ascended masters,
there was another compartment.
IT asked Avi what the group’s Nazi connections had been.
“Drugs,” he said. “Cocaine.”
He shrugged. “Karen didn’t know.”
I spent a little time reviewing several old radio shows |
had done on KPFK in Los Angeles on Nazi “influences.”
According to one line of scholarly thought, it was the German
psychiatrists who really influenced Hitler to set up the exter-
mination camps and begin the elimination of “inferior genetic
types.” Earlier, the psychiatrists had been sterilizing German
inmates at mental hospitals, and had been murdering some
of those inmates under the heading of euthanasia.
The Nazis credited their eugenics laws to American pio-
neers like Paul Popenoe. America had a considerable tradition
of sterilization of mental patients in California, and before
the Second World War there were very reputable medical
doctors in the U.S. who wrote articles upholding eugenics as
a tool to weed out “compromised” people whose genes were
“obviously defective.”
The Nazi Party, in its fervor to elevate the pure Aryan
and dispose of so-called lower genetic influences, spurred
on research fanatics who wanted nothing more than to
experiment on human bodies and brains.
151152
Jon Rappoport
In general, business connections between American and
German corporations and major players, before, during, and
after World War II are legendary.
Leading up to the War, a number of industrial and banking
leaders in the U.S. and Britain and Germany — as well as
government officials in those countries — supported both
the U.S. and Germany.
These agreements held during the War. The banks which
represented all these men were National City Bank and Chase
National Bank in the U.S. The Nazi lawyers who handled
matters among these elite “double-agents” were Gerhardt
Westrick and Heinrich Albert. Emil Puhl,
a Nazi economist,
functioned as a kind of go-between. Puhl worked for the Nazi
Reichsbank and the Bank for International Settlements (BIS).
BIS had originally been set up to receive German repara-
tions from World War I. It however became a conduit for
money to Germany out of the U.S., England, and, eventually,
from conquered European nations. Again, this money flowed
to Germany. To Hitler. In gold alone, we are talking about
$378 million. U.S. government officials were aware of this
and condoned it, even though they were both contributors
to, and administrative officials of, BIS.
In December 1941, Standard Oil of New Jersey, General
Motors, ITT, and Ford had a total of $200 million invested in
Germany. It stayed there during the War.
This is only the beginning of a much longer story, in which
many of the names are known.
Avi told me that the cult in California he and Karen had
belonged to sent cash to a Nazi cult out of the country.
“Cash?” I said. “Why does a Nazi group need money if
the big shots got out of Germany with millions?”
“Rich church, poor church,” he said. “Ever hear of it? The
Vatican owns huge tracts of land but their private schools
can’t buy new books. Same with the Nazis. The nest egg is
held back and the groups have to hustle.”
“So that’s it? This California cult sent cash out of the
country? That’s the connection?”
“They sent it to Chile.”
“Who to?”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
153
“The Colonia Dignidad. In the south.”
“T’ve heard about it.”
“Well,” he said, “then you know they helped overthrow
President Allende. It’s a Nazi torture center. For real Nazis
who got out of Germany after the War, and their protégés.
They set up a sophisticated communications link there, so
they can talk to other Nazis in different countries. They’re
allied with the worst right-wing lunatics in Chile.”
“T’ve read about it,” I said. “They have 30,000 acres. Sound-
proofed torture rooms. They hook people up to shock machines
and sit in other rooms. It’s remote control. Amnesty Inter-
national finally got in and inspected the place.”
“Insane.”
The Colonia, an estate outside the town of Parral, is noto-
rious among Nazi hunters and human rights groups like
Amnesty. People have disappeared there and have never
been seen again.
I said, “I understand they do cultish rituals too.”
“T think so,” Avi said. “The ancient Teutonic stuff. The
California cult group has sent a few people there. A few of
their members.”
“For what?”
“T don’t know what they told them, but the result may
have been torture. I guess you could say they supplied victims
for the Nazis.”
“What the hell for?”
“How should I know?” he said. “Torture is for the torturers.”
In another conversation with Avi, I was told that Karen’s
group in California also helped distribute cocaine from Colom-
bia and Bolivia into the U.S.
“Ever hear of Carlos Lehder Rivas?” Avi said.
“The head of the Medellin cartel.”
“Once.”
“He testified against Noriega in Miami.”
“That's right,” Avi said. “Carlos was a Nazi. He set up a
political party in Colombia, the MCLN, in the early ’80s. A
Nazi party. He was always talking about Hitler as the greatest
man who ever lived — and how he was going to use cocaine154
Jon Rappoport
as the weapon to destroy the United States.”
“He was a cokehead, right?”
“Yes, but I think he meant what he said.”
“You mean, cocaine would poison people’s brains on a
large scale?”
“Something like that,” Avi said. “Addict people, and
Carlos would make a hell of a lot of money, too, and use it in
various ways against the U.S.”
“So the group? You handled cocaine?”
“A select number of us. We dealt with cutouts, a few levels
down from the Cartel, from the big people in Colombia. We
never met the chiefs. But Nazism was the connection. The
agenda was to destroy the United States.”
“Did you run guns, too?” I asked.
“No. That was Klaus Barbie’s thing, in Bolivia.”
“You were a committed Nazi?” I asked.
“T was committed to money. I was on board as a semi-pro,
you might say.”
“So what happened?”
“We lost our connection to Medellin. Also, I began to see
that Carlos was right. If we got enough drugs into the U.S.
we could change history — for the worse. I guess I have a
little bit of conscience. Not much, but it’s there. I don’t like
Nazis.”
“Did many of the people who joined this cult, this secret
society in California, know what was going on?”
“No. It worked in layers. Some people came in because
there was a big chunk of mysticism. Other people liked the
blood. The animal sacrifices. Not many. And then there were
those who operated in the drug area.”
“What about the people who disappeared into Chile?”
“The Colonia probably killed them. They were innocents,
I guess. I wasn’t involved with that. I only heard about it
later. Probably a few eager beavers in the group here thought
they liked Nazism and went down there. They thought they’d
get some kind of advanced training. Instead they became
guinea pigs. See, to some people, the Colonia looks like a
community. A farm, a free medical clinic, a bakery. They have
their own power source there. I think the generators are thereThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
155
for a time of chaos. That’s just my guess. A potential retreat
for Nazis from all over the world. There was an American
there. Michael Townley. He designed the remote-controlled
torture rooms. An electronics guy.”
“Are you sure,” I asked, “that the California group sent
down a few people to Colonia, and that they were tortured?
Killed?”
“That’s what I heard,” Avi said. “I can’t guarantee it. I
wasn’t there. Maybe this was made up to scare people. How
should I know?”
Of course it was not only the Nazis in Chile who had a
hand in overthrowing President Allende. The American CIA
was involved up to its hips.
There is much speculation about the number and names
of German scientists who were imported directly into what
became the CIA after World War II. The human experimenta-
tion in the concentration camps has a similar foul ring to the
149 MKULTRA mind-control projects of the Agency. We do
know that top Nazis Reinhard Gehlen and Otto Skorzeny
folded directly into CIA efforts to gain intelligence on the
Soviet Union after World War II. Gehlen’s own German spy
network on the Eastern Front was lifted nearly intact into
the CIA.
John Marks, author of The Search for the Manchurian
Candidate, states that SS doctors Kurt Plotner and Walter Neff
did mind-control research on prisoners using mescaline and
hypnosis at Dachau, and that records of their lunatic experi-
ments were taken at the close of the War by the Americans
and hidden in CIA and Pentagon files. Classified. They have
never been released. Why not release them? To save Ameri-
cans the horror of learning what humans will do to one
another? I don’t think that is the reason. The obvious reason
is to protect what is considered “usable technology.”
In Blowback, his book on American recruitment of Nazis
into government positions, Christopher Simpson states,
Between 1945 and 1955, 765 scientists, engineers, and
technicians were brought to the United States under
Overcast, Paperclip, and two other similar programs.156
Jon Rappoport
At least half, and perhaps as many as 80 percent, of the
imported specialists were former Nazi party members
or SS men, according to Professor Clarence Lasby, who
has authored a book-length study of [U.S. government
Operation] Paperclip ... [for example] Major General
Walter Schreiber, who had once been instrumental in
medical experiments on concentration camp inmates
by the Luftwaffe ... Overcast and Paperclip were just
the beginning ...
Consider this possible scenario: Certain elements within the
CIA, protected by secrecy and a vast unquestioned budget,
and elements of the SS who escaped Europe in 1945, or who
were baldly promoted into the upper levels of the new
German society with the help of Konrad Adenauer, joined
forces. And that resultant group, which has spread discreetly
into other elements of U.S. intelligence, are a most powerful
secret society of the day.
For those who are utterly baffled or enraged by the
suggestion that groups of apparently opposing ideologies
could secretly join together, let me offer a quote from Hitler’s
own architect and master designer, Albert Speer. It is a glance
into the creation of pre-defined spaces for the masses:
I recall, incidentally, that the footage taken during one
of the solemn sessions of the 1935 [Nazi] Party Congress
was spoiled. At [Nazi filmmaker] Leni Riefenstahl’s
suggestion Hitler gave orders for the shots to be refilmed
in the studio. I was called in to do a backdrop simulating
a section of the Kongresshalle, as well as a realistic model
of the platform and lectern. I had spotlights aimed at
it; the production staff scurried around — while
Streicher, Rosenberg, and Frank could be seen walking
up and down with their manuscripts, determinedly
memorizing their parts. Hess arrived and was asked
to pose for the first shot. Exactly as he had done before
an audience of 30,000 at the Party Congress, he solemnly
raised his hand. With his special brand of ardor, he
turned precisely to the spot where Hitler would haveThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
157
been sitting, snapped to attention and cried: “My
Leader, I welcome you in the name of the Party Congress!
The Congress will now continue. The Fiihrer speaks!”
He did it all so convincingly that from that point on
I was no longer so sure of the genuineness of his feel-
ings. The three others also gave excellent performances
in the emptiness of the studio, proving themselves
gifted actors. I was rather disturbed; Frau Riefenstahl,
on the other hand, thought the acted scenes better than
the original presentation.
By this time I thoroughly admired the art with which
Hitler would feel his way during his rallies until he
had found the point to unleash the first great storm of
applause. I was by no means unaware of the dema-
eogic element; indeed I contributed to it myself by my
scenic arrangements. Nevertheless, up to this time I
had believed that the feelings of the speakers were
genuine. It was therefore an upsetting discovery, that day
in the studio, when I saw that all this emotion could be
represented “authentically” even without an audience.
I asked Avi if he had ever seen any CIA people around
the California group.
“There were rumors,” he said. “I can’t be sure. See, with
the Colombians, with Carlos, there were always stories about
the CIA cooperating in the cocaine trade. Not the whole
goddamn CIA, but certain people. There was one guy who
came to a few meetings of the group in California. He was
interested in promoting a little hypnosis project.”
“What kind of project?”
“To increase group loyalty.”
“How did it work?”
“T think he would put people in a light trance and then
play tapes about the group and its mission. Maybe flash some
symbols on a screen.”
“Did it ever get off the ground?” I asked.
“T think the people in the group, the leaders, were opposed
to it. This guy they didn’t know. He came in from the outside.158
Jon Rappoport
The leaders had their own plans anyway.”
“What plans?”
“Building a desert community. Which they never did.
They would keep the members busy every spare waking
hour. Work was their idea of controlling people.”
“This outside man with the hypnosis program. It was
rumored he was CIA?”
“Not exactly. You see, he was an ‘independent researcher.’
He was doing a study, he said. He made it sound academic.
But to hypnotize people, to get them to be more loyal, doesn’t
seem like academic research. I think it was a front. Somebody
was interested in experimenting on cult members. Who does
that kind of research? People from intelligence agencies.”
I had another conversation with Karen. She said, “I remem-
ber the man. He called himself Charles.”
“The one with the hypnosis project?”
“Yes. I went out with him a couple of times.”
“Socially?”
“He liked me. I let him hypnotize me. I wanted to see
what it was like. He started flashing numbers on a screen in
the dark. We were at the meeting room in the barn.”
“Just regular numbers?”
“At first. Then he switched over to strange symbols. I’d
never seen them before. They looked a little like Hebrew but
they weren’t. Maybe a cross between Arabic and Hebrew. I
asked him what they were. Later he told me they were just
warm-ups. Something to get me in an easy frame of mind.”
“Because they didn’t make any sense.”
“That’s what I think. You know, you get vague. These sym-
bols flash by. It’s like looking at calculus. What does it mean?”
“How long did the symbols continue?”
“About five minutes.”
“That's a long time.”
“T thought so. Then he put up the Seal of Solomon. The
meshed triangles. He flashed that maybe fifty times. Different
sizes, different colors.”
“Did he say anything while this was going on?”
“Yes. He acted like a hypnotist. He told me to relax, toThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
159
focus on the screen and just relax. He said I was becoming
calmer. I’m not sure if that was the word. But I did feel myself
sinking into a warm feeling.”
“And the Seal was flashing by on the screen.”
“Yes. And he said I was a good person and part of a good
group of people. Things like that. Praising the group. Then
he said I was moving into the Seal. I should feel myself going
inside the triangles to the center. Psychically moving. I went
with it. I felt like I was moving in some space, through the
air.”
“Were you doing this on your own?”
“T surrendered to him. I let it happen. He took over.”
“You went into the Seal.”
“Yes. I told him I was there. He said that was good, and
he said in the center of the Seal was a place of peace, and I
could always go there as long as I was part of the group. I
would always be welcomed inside the Seal, in the magical
place. I think I dozed off at that point, for a minute.”
“Was there any chance he gave you drugs?”
“No, I felt very clear, except I was fading into his words. I
was being hypnotized.”
“How long did you stay inside the Seal?”
“A few minutes, I guess. I don’t know. While I was there,
he said he was going to pass along a few secrets to me. I had to
promise I wouldn’t tell anyone. I don’t remember this part too
well, but he said I was now really in the group, I was in the
place where the group was really located. I remember thinking
this was a version of heaven. I was in the perfect place.”
“He was hypnotizing you to feel this.”
“Sure. He said that this was where I could have sex. I could
be in this place and have sex, and it would be sacred. He said
I could think about getting rich in this place, inside the Seal,
and my thoughts would be magnified in power from this place.
He said something about a swastika, too. He said it was a
symbol of the rotation of the eight points of the universe.
The universe was built on eight centers, eight psychic places
of magic. This was a message I was supposed to remember
and keep secret. He said the whole universe faced in differ-
ent directions at different times, and he would eventually160
Jon Rappoport
tell me what that meant, and how I could take advantage of
that. But I had to be in the perfect place, inside the Seal, for
any of this to work. He told me to go further into that space,
into the center of the Seal. I did. I felt like I had the ability to
do that, to follow his directions. He slowed them down, the
Seals. They stayed on the screen longer. I was reacting to the
colors and the sizes. Not in any way I can describe, but they
were making an impression on me.”
“Did he ever mention the CIA to you? After the session?”
“No.”
“Did anything else happen in the session?”
“He pretty much left it there. I know he thought he’d be
having a lot more sessions with me. But I left the group soon
after that.”
“The hypnosis sounded effective.”
“Tt was.”
“With more sessions, he might have put you under his
control.”
“Yes.”
“Did he say anything to you about this method of his?”
“He said the advanced form of it was based on doing a
personality profile on me. Asking lots of questions.”
I told her that a psychologist named John Gittinger, who
had once worked for the CIA, developed a well-known
Personality Assessment System, as it was called, to measure
people intelligence agencies might have some use for or deal-
ings with. (PAS is mentioned briefly in Orrin DeForest’s book,
Slow Burn: The Rise and Bitter Fall of American Intelligence in
Vietnam.)
“Well,” she said, “Once, when we were out eating dinner,
he said intelligence agencies had a way of looking at people
based on their potential weaknesses.”
“How did this come up?”
“T don’t remember. I think we were talking about hypnosis
and how it could be used.”
“Did he ever mention the Nazis or Nazi symbols?”
“The swastika, like I told you. That’s the only time. He
did remind me about the animal sacrifices, though. A few
times. He seemed to harp on it.”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
161
“Tn what way?”
“That I had participated in it. The suggestion was that I
was a bad girl for doing it. He wasn’t criticizing me. He was
reminding me that I had done it. So I would remember. It was
as if I had taken a silent oath. I was bad, and the hypnosis part
could put me in the good place. That’s what he was doing.”
“During the hypnosis,” I asked, “did he show any other
images on the screen?”
“Scenes of farmland. A forest with trees and clouds
showing through. Nature scenes. They were on the screen
while he was talking. He was very calm. There was a picture
of children playing in a big yard, too. Pretty children.”
“Did he talk about these scenes?”
“No, I don’t think so. They were just there. They were
nice. Restful.”
“Did he mention loyalty to your group?”
“Tt was more about going to the place in the center of the
Seal. If I understood that, I would be loyal, because that was
home. That was where everybody was. It was not only a
peaceful place, a good place, it was a sensual place too. It
was a place where sexual things would be more intense,
where we could connect in a more intense way.”
“A home away from home ... A world.”
“Yes.”
A statement from Charles Higham came to mind. Higham
is a former New York Times reporter, a man not given to
hyperbole. He authored Trading With the Enemy, the
thoroughly researched history of a “money plot” involving
elite players on both sides of the Atlantic, men who colluded
before, during and after World War II — who essentially bet
on both sides to win the War, and put their monies where
their mouths were. Their concern was power, pure and
simple. Higham called them The Fraternity. He wrote:
... the members [of the Fraternity] sought a common
future in fascist domination, regardless of which world
leader might further that ambition ... Several members
... [supported] ... a police state that would place The162
Jon Rappoport
Fraternity in postwar possession of financial, industrial,
and political autonomy. When it was clear that Germany
was losing the war the [American and British] business-
men became notably more ‘loyal’ [to their own govern-
ments]. Then, when war was over, the survivors pushed
into Germany, protected their assets, restored Nazi
friends to high office, helped provoke the Cold war,
and ensured the permanent future of The Fraternity.
In Karen, was I looking at a person who had collided with
a very minor fragment of that essence, who had met up with
a far-down-the-line hybrid of Nazi and American intelligence
in turn derived from a collaboration of power brokers?
As evidenced in Dean Radin’s book, The Conscious Universe,
the U.S. government has long been interested in what might be
called psychic and/or New Age phenomena. Radin discusses
funding for, and results of, the psychic remote-viewing
experiments carried on at the Stanford Research Institute in
the 1970s. The CIA has been notorious for investigating
groups or researchers who claim to have the ability to
demonstrate psychic phenomena. The CIA’s interest, of
course, is in collecting new “weapons” that can be used to
gather intelligence, to spy, perhaps even to affect behavior at
a distance.
Was Karen’s group a slightly far-out exploring ground for
a funded CIA researcher, who was told to go out and see what
he could discover in a cult setting, with unaware subjects?
Was this a testing place for trying out methods of “personnel
control?
It made sense to me that this Charles, with his slide show
and hypnotist’s air, was establishing a psychic space — the
center of Solomon’s Seal — where the subject could “go.”
Undoubtedly, this would function as a place where control
could be exercised, a pre-defined space whose landscape
could be fleshed out, as a kind of artistic endeavor, if you
will, by the controller, by the person who would by degrees
dominate his subject.
It was a stripped-down example of the kind of space one
could encounter in a cathedral, under the power of a priest,
as a child, while the mighty organ played and the hundredsThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
163
of candles flickered, while prayers were intoned in Latin, while
duties were carried out to the letter in a slow but precise
fashion ...
I spoke with a hypnotist, Jack True, in Los Angeles. Here
is a quite relevant sample from our discussion, which occurred
after I told him about my interviews with Karen and Avi:
Does hypnotism function as a security blanket?
It can. You can establish it like salt-water taffy. It'll do
whatever you want it to. You can hypnotize someone to be
three miles out in space and describe what he sees. You can
have the hypnotic subject be a warm afternoon looking for
rain. The usual constraints are off. It’ll go anywhere.
But what about the subject himself?
The subject is hypnotized. Above all, you have to remember
that. If he can sing like Caruso while he’s under, that doesn’t
mean you can expect anything out of him when he wakes
up. As obvious as that sounds, that’s where people make
mistakes.
But you can give post-hypnotic suggestions.
Yes. Just parlor tricks, unless you’re a torturer and you’re
using drugs and duress and are hurting the person during
the hypnosis and are giving post-hypnotic suggestions. But
the usual kind of hypnosis is different. Post-suggestions wear
off in a little while. He scratches his ass every time he sees a
blue object, but only for a half hour or so.
What about a person who is hypnotized many times over a period of
weeks and months?
Then you’re doing something else. You’re establishing a
control-center, which is ordinarily the operator, the hypnotist.
Everything refers back to him, but gradually. Gradually.
That’s how cults work.
You could have sub-centers too.
Yes. The operator, let’s say, hypnotizes a person every
week, three times a week, for six months, and during that
time tells the person about a meadow in a forest where every-
thing is peaceful and no harm can come. Then the meadow,
even though it only exists in the minds of the operator and164
Jon Rappoport
the subject, is very real, and the person can ‘go’ there. That’s
a sub-center. You can direct a person to go there and then
you can begin to elaborate details about the way things are
in the meadow. You can make up meadow-realities that will
slop over into daily life.
A place.
It becomes a sub-center for control. The subject wants to
be there.
Deceptive.
Sure. A nice spot in the woods, a relaxing feeling. But when
the intent is ultimately control, you get something else in the
long run. Anyway, it’s a crock.
Why?
Because it’s a hypnotic effect. What hypnotism shows is
the potential of the mind to create while it’s under the power
of someone who has taken the role of “good authority.”
And that person won't always be there.
The stage of child has to grow to adult. I don’t mean hopes
and dreams have to die horrible deaths. I mean the person
has to outgrow being a subject for an operator. He has to some-
how take over the reins of control and create for himself.
A lot of people feel more is possible under the control of the hypnotist.
Yes. They believe that outside themselves there is the answer.
Suppose you hypnotize a person a number of times and tell him that
he will assume the reins of his own life, he will create what he needs
and what he wants, that he will expand the power of his own tmagina-
tion to unheard of dimensions.
That’s interesting. I’ve tried several versions of that. Because
that’s what you'd think is the bottom line on hypnosis. Get
yourself hypnotized to become the king of the universe.
It doesn’t work, right?
It doesn’t work. Because the mind, the person knows
what's going on. The basic fact is you’re getting hypnotized
by an authority to become your own master. But to become
your own master you have to break the spell of your hypnosis.
Break the spell. How can you increase the power of yourThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
165
own imagination unless you decide to do it, unless it’s your
show? First do that. Then come to me with talk about entities
showing up and having Satanic powers and all that. First
establish your own authority and begin to ...
... Begin to invent your own realities.
Exactly. Do that, know what it feels like to do it, then come
to me with tales from the wild side. I’m not saying that non-
physical beings don’t exist. I’m saying that most control is
established through various kinds of hypnosis, and the widest
kinds are control of the information you’re exposed to.
Anyway, we're getting a little off the subject. In the case of
this woman, Karen, she was given one session by an operator
who knew what he was doing. He was showing her a place to
go, a control center he called the center of the Seal of Solomon.
Have you ever run across that before?
Sure. Not that exact symbol used in this way, but the
general pattern. You define a place where magical things will
happen. See, she’ll get her wishes when she hopes for them
from that place. She’ll get precognition when she goes to that
place. Sex will be a lot hotter. Whatever you want. Do you
want angels? I’ll put you in a place called heaven.
There’s nothing wrong with having a place.
What’s wrong is having someone else put you there. See,
there’s a subtle dividing line between becoming inspired by
reading a great novel, a great fantasy, and having a hypno-
tist put you in a place. Is a museum hypnosis? People like to
tap dance and get fancy and say everything is mind control.
That’s baloney. A museum is an open space where you have
the freedom to witness great things. Then you can do what
you want to. If you get enchanted by Rembrandt and that
takes you to the Bible and that takes you to Gnostic Gospels
and that takes you to great historical lies and that takes you
back to Rembrandt and that takes you to Leonardo, and so
on, that’s fine. You’re on a trek. You’re moving. But if I put
you on a grassy meadow, and you meet every Thursday night
with other people who know about the meadow, and every-
body is reinforcing the hell out of this mythical spot, and
everybody believes all magical ability comes out of that place166
Jon Rappoport
and the enchantment given to it by a group and a leader,
now we've got hypnosis. This Karen was put there. She was
sucked in and then she was put there once. She went away, I
guess. But another person may have stayed.
There are people who think hypnosis and creativity are the same thing.
Have you noticed the world is much more stupid as the
years pass? Suppose I tell you a fantasy I have, all right? You
listen to it, and you tell me because I spoke of a place that
sounds to you like part of a brainwashing program, it’s all
hypnosis. For example, I like to think about Oz, and the
people that inhabit it, because I read about it. You think it’s
weird and probably some crazy cult brainwashed me to think
about it.
You're serious?
What do you think fundamental Christianity does? I’m
talking about hardcore end-timers with a fixation on the
apocalypse. They believe that God and heaven are no brain-
washing program. No, no, no. They’re real. Okay. Starting
from there, they think that anyone who entertains or contem-
plates a landscape that has mythical figures in it that are not
from the Bible must have been touched hard by Satan. Satan,
the head of a brainwashing cult called Evil. Get it?
You run across people like this?
Of course.
They can’t tell the difference between creating and getting hypno-
tized.
They can’t make the separations because their lives are
soaked through with a program. The hardcore end-times
Christian, with some nasty racism thrown in, is the major
program I know about. But it all comes back to, who did it?
Did you become a Christian on your own? Did you read the
books and ask questions and explore the stories and shape
Jesus and work for the poor and help people, or did some-
body stick you into it and keep you there and did you just
accept it and go along with it like a gooney-bird soldier?
What did you think of this group that Karen belonged to?
Interesting. Did she tell you the name?The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
167
No. She wouldn't touch that with a ten-foot pole. Same with Avti.
It’s several layers. The guy, Charles, he interests me. The
hypnotist. He sounds like a hybrid. Semi-academic. A little
of that background. But he has a taste for nasty stuff too.
That’s why he isn’t sitting in a college teaching psychology.
He can’t get enough action there. He wants to push his par-
ticular envelope. Control people. Get that hit from them.
CIA?
Some intelligence outfit. A sub-sub contractor. A small fish.
As a member of this group, Karen was exposed to and
bombarded by symbols. Symbols are one obvious and
important aspect of the Formula of the Secret Society, one
important part of the art that is made and used to control.
In Part 3, I’ll take up the aspect of symbols. They are, by
nature, slightly hypnotic.PART THREE47
Let me begin to flesh out the extremes of the Tradition of
Imagination and the Formula of the Secret Society. They
represent, I believe, the two greatest forces acting on this
planet from the dawn of time.
The Formula of the Secret Society
We have the so-called action painters who improvise, as
it were, inside the arena of the canvas, put on color rapidly
and then eventually look for, or come across, “found objects”
of excitement. We also have the great studied muralists, and
Piero della Francesca was perhaps the greatest of them all.
The Legend of the True Cross at Arezzo, with its section called
King Solomon Receiving the Queen of Sheba, was built to
last the ages. It is an architecture of spaces undulating slowly,
turning inside out and throwing back an echo of its own
figures. Piero found his perspective and proportions through
a study of numbers, and he eventually retired to author works
on the mathematics of painterly illusion.
Between these two poles of working, as it were, lie an
infinity of artistic choices. The greatest of cults in the West,
the Church of Rome, utilizing perversion as its major theme,
took the vast, vaulted planned route to the exposition of its
universe.
Perhaps no other secret society has approached the Church
in its influence on the West. At its height, it was at least the
equal of all the kings and queens of Europe. It could open a
Holy Office of Inquisition on the continent, set up its own
courts, try, torture and burn alive, at a chosen temperature,
any human in its sight. A person not believing in its doctrines
170The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
171
and invented entities could be labeled a heretic and banned
from society or killed.
In a country like England, before the Roman Catholic influ-
ence waned, hardly a person would show his face in public
prepared to cast aspersions on the True Church.
Since this Church owned one third of the land in England,
it ruled vast numbers of serfs (slaves) who lived and worked
on its estates. Thus, during the Middle Ages, the national
forbidding of travel, for any lower-class citizen, from town
to town without special permission was as much a Church
enforcement as a secular regulation.
Of this life, Hitler and Stalin could only dream.
As one tries to piece together the historical influences and
vital forces which produced such an immense imprisonment
of medieval populations, it is easy to decide that events some-
how conspired to make misery bit by bit. But the highest
architects of the Church had their blank canvases. They
invented the proportions of the works that would fill them.
They at times may have massaged a bell of God, but they
also made a Symphony of Torture. They created, and the
work of art stood.
Consider this. “[E]very priest of the church had the right
and the power to give orders to God, which God had no
choice but to obey.”
This power is alluded to or spelled out in a number of
places. Father John O’Brien of the University of Notre Dame,
in his book, Faith For Millions, unstintingly presents the fact:
The supreme power of the priestly office is the power
of consecrating [the body of Christ] ... In this essential
phase of the sacred ministry, the power of the priest is
not surpassed by that of the bishop, the archbishop,
the cardinal or the pope. Indeed, it is equal to that of
Jesus Christ. For in this role the priest speaks with the
voice and authority of God Himself.
When the priest pronounces the tremendous words
of consecration, he reaches up into the heavens, brings
Christ down from his throne, and places Him upon our
altar to be offered up again as the victim for the sins of172
Jon Rappoport
man. It is a power greater than that of monarchs and
emperors; it is greater than that of saints and angels,
greater than that of Seraphim and Cherubim. Indeed,
it is even greater than the power of the Virgin Mary ...
the priest brings Christ down from heaven ... not once
but a thousand times! The priest speaks and lo! Christ,
the eternal and omnipotent God, bows His head in
humble obedience to the priest’s command.
Add to this the fact that the Church sets itself up with
total control of the Genesis creation story. It declares owner-
ship of the universe invented by a single God “on the face of
the deep.” So in a sense it even claims possession of the void.
Torture was handed out to heretics, those who would not
avow belief in the Church and all of its inventions. It must
be understood that such torture was cultivated as an art by
Church practitioners. The application of thumbscrews, the
suspension of the heretic from iron rings, the dislocating of
arms from shoulder sockets, the feeding of foul meals and
latrine water to prisoners, the burning of flesh — all this and
much more were calculated to bring rebels as close to death
as necessary for extracting full confessions of heresy.
“T blasphemed against the Church and God, and now I
have seen the light.”
For half a millennium, the universe created by the Catholic
Church was the centerpiece of Western thought. After two
World Wars, new artists aspired to take center stage. Their
cosmos is less ambitious in its aspirations, but may become
more enveloping in the long run. The theme? Global unity.
The primary medium? Money.
Meanwhile, of course, the Church lives on. There are still,
undoubtedly, Jesuits who dedicate themselves to the prayer
of their founder, Ignatius:
“Take, Lord, and receive
All my liberty, my memory, my intellect,
And all my will —
All that I have and possess.
You gave all that to me.
To you, Lord, I return it.
All is yours.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
173
Dispose of it according to your will.
Give me your love and grace.
Those will be enough for me.”
Yes.
The pre-defined space run by Someone Else. The space is
sketched out this way by Malachi Martin: “The Three Persons
of the Trinity constitute the supreme hierarchy. The Pope and
his bishops constitute a second major hierarchy. The General
of the Society of Jesus and its Superiors, Major and Minor,
constitute a third hierarchy. Within God’s Heaven, there are
hierarchies of angels, and within Satan’s Hell, hierarchies of
fallen angels.”
And by some estimates a billion Catholics exist in this
world.
This stands in stark contrast to the Tradition of Imagination.48
I have received word through the Arizona address that
Rachel Jenkins died six months ago. The address, a PO box,
will be closed down.
Attempts to reach Carol Schuman have not been
successful ...
17449
Let me lay out in front of you some of the symbolism of
the Holy Roman Catholic Church.
This is not an effort to show its entire pattern. I am mainly
interested in sheer numbers and weight of symbols expressed
in its religious art, expressed in cathedrals, in illuminated
manuscripts and other properties of the Church. Keep in
mind that although we may feel familiar with many of these
symbols now, at their birth and for some time after — and
always, for children — these shapes are door-openers. They
make question marks in the mind, and wonderment, and then
the high priests of Somesuch enter and explain the meanings.
That little explaining is the lobby, the vestibule, which of
course is only a few steps away from the main events in the
really big rooms.
Then the aspirant will want to study the subject in more
detail, and, for that, there are more symbols.
This is all art. This is invention at work in the service of
narrowing the imagination.
Start with a bare simplicity. The equilateral triangle.
Three equal sides and three equal angles. Three in unity.
The Holy Trinity of God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost.
This triangle has many spinoffs which stand for the same
Holy Trinity. We have two triangles and a circle, or the trefoil,
or two triangles and a circle interwoven, or the triqueta and
triangle, a cross hung with a triangle on its shoulders, the
fleur-de-lis, three intertwined fishes. The fish in turn can be
traced to the five letters which spell the Greek word for fish.
Those five letters form, in Greek, the first letters of the words
in the phrase whose translation is: “Jesus Christ, Son of God,
Saviour.” I throw that in to show a glimpse of the far fields
175176
Jon Rappoport
in which the manufacture of symbols takes place in order to
attain a sensation of holiness.
What about symbols for God the Father?
A hand of God with thumb and the first two fingers
extended and the third and fourth fingers closed. The three
extended fingers are the Holy Trinity, and the two closed are
“the two aspects of Jesus.”
We also have a hand of God coming out of a cloud.
For Jesus himself, we have the good shepherd with the
lamb on his shoulders. We also have the lamb. We also have
the lamb resting on the Book of the Seven Seals. Or the lamb
and a banner signifying victory. There is the fish, or a long
sceptre ending in a sphere with a cross on top, or the sun, a
tree branch, a fountain, a brass serpent, a pelican opening
her own chest with her beak and feeding her babies her blood,
the crucifix, a tree growing out of the loins of Jesse, who is the
father of David, a vine, a lion, a daisy (standing for innocence
of Jesus the child), a unicorn (representing the incarnation of
Jesus), the Glastonbury thorn (the nativity), a shellfish shell
(Jesus’ baptism), the rose (the Nativity), a phoenix (resurrec-
tion), gladiolus flower (the word turned into flesh), a peacock
(gaining immortality through Jesus), a butterfly (eternal life),
the ox and the ass, staff of the shepherd, torch on fire, rose-
mary flower, three caskets, a five-pointed star, an olive, palm
branches, pomegranate, crown and sceptre, a boat anchor,
lit candlestick, cross overlaid with an X, five crosses together,
a door, an eagle, the charadrius bird, a mermaid, a dolphin,
a centaur, a swallow, horse and rider, the Judge, and various
sacred monograms, each of which has several variations: Chi
Ro; IHC; IHS; Alpha and Omega; Alpha, Mu, Omega; INRI.
The above list does not include specific symbols for the
Passion of Christ, such as the lantern, the crown of thorns,
Gethsemane, and the scourges. I have found 18 symbols for
the Passion.
For the Holy Ghost, I have found 11 separate symbols,
which I will leave unnamed.
Under a category called “The Word, Sacraments, and
Sacred Rites,” in F.R. Webber’s Church Symbolism, there are
nine symbols.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
177
For the Blessed Virgin I find 39 separate symbols.
For the so-called Evangelists — Matthew, Mark, Luke and
John — I have seen seven symbols. For the 12 Apostles, I
locate 66 symbols, including as diverse representations as a
rooster, three shellfish, a snake in a cup, an eagle ascending
from a pot of hot oil, a windmill, a sailboat, a fish stuck on a
hook, a snake thrown into a fire, a locust and a leather girdle,
a tunic made of camel’s hair. These are all in the form of
shields.
Remember, I am only mentioning symbols actually used
by the Church and its artists. These are not off the cuff.
There are nine official choirs of angels. For each of these
types, we have various artistic depictions. The nine choirs
are divided into three groups, each of which has three sub-
types. The main branches of angels are the Counsellors, the
Governors, and the Messengers. Under the Counsellors are
the Seraphim, Cherubim, and Thrones. The Governors include
Dominions,
Powers, and Virtues. The Messengers
contain
the Principalities, Archangels and Angels. Each of these nine
groups has its own named leader, style of dress, and symbols.
The Greek and Latin Fathers of the Church, eight of them,
“figure very prominently in Christian art ...” I find 10 symbols
for these men.
As for the Church itself, symbols abound. The ark, the ship,
the ark of the covenant, the rock, the candelabra, wheat and
tares, the mustard seed, and so on. I have counted 20 symbols.
Furthermore, through displayed art, there is an ingenious
typing of stories within the Church, in which a key tale is
not only pictorialized, but also symbolized by showing other
versions of it. For example, the specific type of story known
as The Epiphany might be referred to by art showing the visit
of the Queen of Sheba to King Solomon — not a Christian
adventure at all — or by the non-Christian Abner coming to
see David, King of the Hebrews, or by Joseph’s Hebrew
brothers bowing down to him in Egypt. The Church holds
that the real story behind all of these is: the Magi coming to
see the Infant Lord.
In Church art, you would see all of these tales depicted —
and all but one, the Real One, would have a symbolic meaning.178
Jon Rappoport
How many such official archetypes of Church stories exist?
Well, there is The Annunciation, The Incarnation, The Nativity,
The Presentation, The Holy Innocents, The Holy Family in
Egypt, The Return From Egypt, St. John the Baptist, Our
Lord’s Baptism, The Temptation, The Sermon on the Mount,
The Raising of Lazarus, The Transfiguration, The Triumphal
Entry, Our Lord Weeps Over Jerusalem, Cleansing the
Temple, The Last Supper, The Traitor Revealed, Our Lord in
Gethsemane, The Betrayal, The Accusation before Pilate, The
Crowning With Thorns, Our Saviour Mocked, The Scourging,
Bearing the Cross, The Sacrifice on Calvary, The Seamless
Coat (taken from Jesus by soldiers at the cross), The Pierced
Side, The Virgin Mother’s Sorrow, the Descent from the Cross,
The Entombment, the Descent Into Hell, The Resurrection, The
Woman at the Tomb, The Appearance to Mary, The Appear-
ance to the Disciples, Thomas, The Ascension, Pentecost, The
Second Coming, the Unbelievers, The Believers, The Church,
Holy Baptism, The Holy Eucharist.
Again, each one of these story-types would be illustrated
directly in Church art, but also symbolized by art which
depicted other Biblical, historical, or mythological “versions”
of them — which now would be co-opted and folded into
the universe of the Church. A brilliant strategy to recast major
events of history and pseudo-history: Call them SYMBOLS,
and take them over. A rerouting of time into the One Major
Train Station, the Church.
When I say a cult pre-defines a space and then claims that
it is run by Someone Else, that the space contains a Pattern
which must be studied — when I say a cult gives you an
“elite special history” or “inner mysterious truth” as justifica-
tion for its supreme elevation, this is what I mean. This is
what I am talking about. This is the prime historical example.
This is how the citizen signs on to the idea that his own
creation and creative imagination are not even important, or
at best are bounded by the space set up by an elite.
I have not even taken into account the Church’s absorbing
of other non-Christian symbols and its wrapping them up in
its own monuments.
The cross itself, for example, has many meanings. As anThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
179
alchemical and pagan object, it was often understood as a
diagram of the four elements: earth, air, fire, and water. These
elements were thought to be at war with one another. It was
only by the introduction of the Quintessence, the life force
which animates everything in the world, that the elements
could be held from launching into chaos. Sometimes this life
force was represented symbolically by the center meeting-
point of the cross.
Let me add another fact. For saints of the Church, there
are several symbols recognized for each. For example, a clay
vessel and eight daggers belong to Saint Albert of Liege
(1193 CE). An angel with a torch, some nails, and a stiletto
belong to Saint Alexander of Rome (117 CE). I count 560 saints
who each have these attendant symbols.
Does this give you some idea of the weight and extension
of the Holy Church’s symbolic endeavors?
Consider that none of these shapes, objects, animals,
combinations in and of themselves immediately inform the
eye or the mind. There is that moment or two or three of non-
comprehension, of dumbness. Then the special meanings are
supplied. The little bit of hypnotism is done.
When coercion also becomes part of the mix, you have a
planet that generally teeters close to robothood.350
Let us push forward this symbol-art of the secret society
into a very strange venue, into the lowest venue of human
activity.
Let us think about a secret society called the CIA. Let us
widen that group and make it looser by calling it “departments
of the U.S. intelligence establishment which have carried on
secret mind-control experiments on humans.”
Books have been written about the subject. Three of the
most significant are John Marks’ Search For the Manchurian
Candidate, Alan Scheflin’s The Mind Manipulators, and
Walter Bowart’s Operation Mind Control.
According to Alan Scheflin, these books were all begun
from the same starting point: ten boxes of declassified CIA
materials made public as a result of Freedom of Information
Act requests in the mid-1970s.
The ten boxes of documents concerned a program called
MKULTRA, which officially had been carried on between
1952-3 and 1964. Its purpose was to program or interrogate
humans in such a way that they would not be able to resist,
or know that the programming had been carried out. In effect,
the secret intent was to make a robot who could act strictly
on orders but who would not remember being given those
orders. One who could not be de-programmed or discovered
by “the other side.”
One could command such a person to kill an enemy, to
have sex with an enemy for blackmail purposes, to steal and
store information, and so on.
One might also use the same methods to obtain secret
information from captured enemies.
There are many opinions about the relative success of
MKULTRA. I am not writing this book to argue that case.
180The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
181
However, it is clear that the Agency tried very hard to achieve
its goals.
The following statement is part of a (non-CIA) memoran-
dum dated June 27, 1994. It is written by “Advisory Commit-
tee Staff” to members of its own (Presidentially appointed)
Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments. This
memo takes up the matter of an ongoing search into CIA
records to see if the Agency had carried out illegal experiments
on humans using radiation. The search was being done in
conjunction with public hearings in Washington on the explo-
sive matter of the U.S. government, in past years, condoning
and sponsoring the perverted administration of radiation to
U.S. citizens, “on a research basis.”
The Advisory Committee Staff writes,
In the 1950s and 60s, the CIA engaged in an extensive
program of human experimentation, using drugs,
psychological and other means, in search of techniques
to control human behavior for counterintelligence and
covert action purposes. The possibility that CIA itself
engaged in human radiation experiments emanates
from references in a 1963 CIA Inspector General’s (I.G.)
report on project MKULTRA, which was a program
“concerned with research and development of chemi-
cal, biological, and radiological materials capable of
employment in clandestine operations to control
human behavior.”
That is as clear and authoritative a statement as a novice
needs to understand that the CIA did, in fact, run the mind-
control project called MKULTRA. The fact that the above
Committee subsequently did not find evidence that the
Agency employed radiation convinced almost no one. The
Agency, dedicated to covert operations, would normally and
naturally behave covertly about exposure of an operation
that would infuriate the public to the skies.
The most conservative of the original books on CIA Mind
Control, Search For the Manchurian Candidate, reveals undeni-
able documentary evidence that the Agency was carrying
out tests to induce amnesia in human subjects about its182
Jon Rappoport
interrogation of them. This of course would also extend to
attempts to program individuals to carry out assignments.
In other words, one strategy was to use drugs and other
methods to obscure completely periods of time during which
CIA hypnotists, programmers and interrogators worked on
people.
On March 15, 1995, at 1 p.m., in the Executive Chambers,
The Madison Hotel, in Washington D.C., Chris DeNicola and
Claudia Mullin, patients of New Orleans therapist Valerie Wolf,
and Wolf herself, began testimony to the President’s Advisory
Committee on Human Radiation Experiments.
Essentially, the three witnesses would allege that DeNicola
and Mullin had been used for CIA-military radiation experi-
ments which, however, were just a part of wider-ranging
mind control “treatments.”
Wolf had already forwarded to the Committee over a
hundred pages of testimony on this matter. They not only
included expanded statements from DeNicola, Mullin, and
herself, they contained letters and testimony from therapists
and patients around the U.S., many anonymously offered,
recounting horrendous mind-control sessions, in some cases
spanning decades. According to this testimony, CIA-military
personnel had employed hallucinogenic drugs, spinning
tables, flashing lights, hypnotism, physical torture, rape,
threats of murder and abandonment, and the actual murder
of other victims in their experiments.
A purpose seemed to
be the achievement of programming of sex-agents who could
be used for blackmailing “enemies.” Another, more inclusive
goal was the inducing of multiple personalities in the victims.
It was claimed that these artificial personalities could be slid
in and out of awareness through trigger commands, like
drawers in a file cabinet.
Wolf's pages of testimony, and the statements given by
Mullin and DeNicola to the Committee, indicated that all of
this had been done to children. DeNicola said she was four
years old when her nightmare began. Mullin stated she was
seven.
DeNicola, in her testimony, asserted,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
183
I was in what looked like a laboratory and there seemed
to be other children. I was strapped down, naked,
spread eagle, on a table on my back. Dr. Greene had
electrodes on my body, including my head. He used
what looked like an overhead projector and repeatedly
said he was burning different images into my brain
while a red light flashed aimed at my forehead. In
between each sequence he used electric shock on my
body and told me to go deeper and deeper while
repeating [that] each image would go deeper into my
brain ... I felt drugged because he had given me a shot
before he started the procedure.
DeNicola is talking about an attempt at establishing a
slavemaster’s control over her mind, in part by the use of
images. So at the lowest level of secret-society human
degradation, there is the use of non-literal images to program
behavior. This is the lowest level of secret-society “work” to
impress a universe on the mind of another person — with
torture.
DeNicola, in an expanded version of her testimony, stated
that her handler “used what looked like an overhead projector
so that I could see the image. It was an upside down triangle
called ‘The Green Empire.”
DeNicola continues: “He kept burning different images
in my brain like triangles and other odd shapes.”
An anonymous therapist, whose written testimony became
part of the Committee record, wrote about the mind-control
programming done on victims she subsequently treated:
“Intricate programming codes [used] included Greek Alpha-
bet, Kabbalistic terms, colors, numerology ...”
Another anonymous therapist lists “types of mind control
programs,” including “colors, symbols, numbers.”
Even if one wanted to reject this testimony from top to
bottom and call the whole thing fictitious, there would still
be an obvious assumption contained in it that non-literal
forms are to be used to program the mind.
This is precisely what secret societies, cults, and hierar-
chical religions do. This is part of their low, low art.184
Jon Rappoport
As I mentioned earlier, in secret societies, shapes and
symbols have taken a pre-eminent place in the work of
convincing adherents that the message of the cult is real
and profound and beyond the normal scope of human
knowledge.
In less coercive societies than the example above, authori-
ties rigidly position all “official” symbols so that they convey
a restricted meaning. More accurately, they combine a vague-
ness with a literal meaning in order to fix the mind. This
hypnotic effect is key.
Take, for example, the universally known eye above a trun-
cated triangle. Labeled as Masonic or ancient Egyptian, the
combination of shapes would do justice to any decent surreal-
ist painter. The viewer has a moment of non-comprehension.
His mental computer doesn’t make anything of the strange
juxtaposition. He draws a blank. That blank causes a slight
but definite vulnerability. At that point, he learns about the
ancient building of great structures by “the original Masons,”
and the all-seeing eye and the work of the future in making
a better world, etc. The aspirant tends to accept the explana-
tion, no matter how foolish or simplistic, because he is slightly
trapped by the non-literal symbol.
The lone triangle is used by many groups in the same way.
The shape itself means nothing. It has no label. In that sense,
it is a little unsettling. What is it doing, the viewer asks. Why
is it sitting there alone?
Salvador Dali’s famous melting watch could have the same
effect, if self-appointed authorities began to attach arcane
meanings to it. Why not?
Dali himself made a second career out of explaining his
paintings. He very archly assured one and all, for example,
that his grossly elongated lions really did imitate nature. For
proof he supplied doctored photographs of lions in which
their torsos began to look serpentine.
The surrealists reveled in the strangeness of shapes and
combinations of realities. They really did open up unthink-
able and marvelous universes. But theirs was essentially a
revolution of cutting loose the anchor of fixed ideas.
The secret societies seek literal domination over the mind.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
185
That is why they create art. That is their kind of work. They
try to restrain the human mind from reaching freer levels of
creation and imagination in which much wider versions of
life swim into view.
They set themselves up against the Tradition of
Imagination.> I
More on symbols
It now is clear to me that part of the Tradition of Imagina-
tion is the assertion that creation is a pre-eminent, or the
pre-eminent activity of the human race.
The key is in how cultures look at their own collective
present and their past.
In the West, many generations have been led to believe
that religion is the major spiritual expression of civilization.
Who legislated that?
Suppose another activity had taken pre-eminence all the
way along the line, coming down in time to us. Suppose,
just to choose an example, human beings recognized that
efforts to develop and practice real Magic have been the
keynotes of civilization, from Sumer to New York.
Magic being, in its own way, a piece of the Tradition of
Imagination — even though it is riddled with fakery.
Forget about whether the tradition of magic that did exist
in alchemy, witchcraft, and works of the Persian/Egyptian
magi is real or just a hope, a spark, a dream. The point is, is
the Catholic Church really any more than that? And if not,
then why shouldn’t academies and cloisters of magic have
grown up to be THE spiritual tradition of the West, instead
of the Church?
The answer to that is, of course, simple. There are those
who push hard and those who don’t. There are those who
use art to dominate large numbers of minds and there are
those who don’t. There are those who make wide Earthly
power their number one priority, and there are those who
don’t. There are those who position their god far enough
186The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
187
away to withstand any effort to debunk his power.
Imagine for a moment that the striving to achieve what
could be called paranormal magic — in all its glory — had
somehow managed to become the central spiritual theme of
our history. Where would we be now?
Suppose that magical tradition had been, for the most part,
honest about its achievements and lack of same, and had
painted a grand vision of a possible future in which humans
could share in the joy of being able to “manifest matter, travel
the realms, communicate over great distances by thought and
feeling alone ...”
Where would we be now?
Suppose science and magic had been able to coexist, despite
the debris of charlatanism that overlay magic and the willing-
ness to follow institutional authority blindly that infects
science?
Or what about this?
Suppose that art and artists had been revered more deeply,
since the dawn of time, than the priests? Where would we
be now?
Iam saying that, in fact, the Tradition of Imagination has
existed all over the place in history; it simply has not been
pushed to the foreground. It has not been seen as a coherent
human desire expressed in every time and every place.
And is it possible that, in the writing of history, figures
who were presented as wearing spiritual robes of one Church
or another were disguised from the future? Might they really
have been, for example, magicians? Might their adherents,
victors in a contest to see “whose gods were more powerful,”
have burned books, books that more accurately called their
winning messiahs magicians?
Is popular history really a kind of crap shoot, or a heist, in
which the weight allowed for one theme or another depends
on who is shading the forms, coloring the figures, arranging
the stage lights?
Of course it is.
But what is hidden by this machination is the sheer number
of people who, through time, have really been thinking and
hoping and desiring along a certain channel.188
Jon Rappoport
In the case of the unlabeled Tradition of Imagination, the
number of people through history hoping and wishing for
its brilliant realization has been gigantic, and if we knew it
in our bones, if we, all along, had had the history to know it
in our bones, and to know all the heroes, we would long ago
have begun to step out into the light and claim our soulship.
It turns out, of course, that alchemy and witchcraft and
magic all have had thousands and thousands of practitioners,
and embedded in each tradition is imagination of a kind.
And there is a literature about Jesus, himself — the greatest
symbol in the West — written by his opponents — in contrast
to the Bible — which describes Jesus as a practicing magician.
When all is said and done, men like Simon Magus and
Appollonius of Tyana, both magicians, on-the-road conjurers
who lived in the early Christian era, provided rather formi-
dable competition to Jesus in the minds of people of the time.
Reading over stories of the miracles they supposedly
performed, one is struck by the similarity to stories about Jesus.
The mind begins to bend as a new possibility is driven home:
Jesus was another itinerant magician, and his followers
won out in the struggle to make him a god.
You could say that the paranormal achievements of Simon
Magus and Appollonius were exaggerated — Appollonius,
for example, is claimed to have dissolved an entire wedding
scene to prove it was all an illusion. It is easy to laugh this off.
But then what keeps us from laughing off the works of Jesus?
There is no doubt that all these men were trying to create
extraordinary realities.
That is in the Tradition of Imagination.
And in a reasonably generous appraisal, that is what
counts.
But let us look a little further into Christ as the pre-
eminent symbol of the West, the symbol that has been used
to enchant, to fixate, the largest number of people in recorded
history.
What happens when we slide out from under the curtains
of the Roman Church, when we place the Bible aside and
look at another sort of literature on this figure?The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
189
What happens to the power of the elegant and prodigious
art that has been produced to glorify Jesus, what happens to
the pre-defined space, the world, the universe, the pattern,
the grand mural of the Catholic Church?
What happens to the Formula of the Secret Society at its
highest pinnacle of success?
Morton Smith is the author of a book called Jesus the
Magician. At the time of its publication in 1978, Smith was
the recipient of uncommon praise from such luminaries as
Hugh Trevor-Roper, author and Regius Professor of Modern
History at Oxford University, and James Sanders, Professor
of Intertestamental and Biblical Studies at the School of
Theology at Claremont.
Trevor-Roper, dispelling any notion that Smith was merely
cooking up a thesis in left field, wrote, “I marvel at Dr. Smith’s
exact and delicate scholarship. His method is as exciting as
his result. Here is Jesus the magician, one of a swarm of
Levantine magicians, before he was stylized in the form that
we know.”
Sanders asserted, “Smith’s knowledge of the Greco-Roman
world, Jewish and non-Jewish, in which Christianity arose
and developed, is probably unsurpassed in scholarship today.”
Smith essentially moves through a field dominated by
centuries of suppression and censorship on the part of the
Christian church, to flesh out a picture of the historical Jesus.
Smith writes:
... when we ask what people who did not believe in
Jesus had to say about him [during his lifetime and
immediately following], the answer is hard to come
by. Almost everything we know about him is found in
the works of his believers, mainly in the gospels, a
little in the rest of the New Testament and other early
Christian texts.
His believers not only wrote those texts, they also
formed an organization, “the Church,” that became
strong enough three hundred years later to get the
support of the government of the Roman empire and190
Jon Rappoport
use it to suppress the works of anyone who did not
agree with them. We are told that in AD 326 the
emperor Constantine ordered that the books of “heretics”
(Christians who held minority opinions) should be
hunted out and destroyed. He evidently did the same
for pagan works about Jesus ...
Yet enough fragments about Jesus, from divergent points
of view, have survived to allow an assemblage of perceptions
of his contemporaries “who did not become his followers ...”
Smith states that the world of Jesus and his contemporaries
was “wholly mythological.” That is, it was considered by
its inhabitants to be full of angels, demons, and gods. The
demons caused illnesses and plagues and wars. They could
enlist the aid of humans who would perform miracles, “so
as to deceive the many. The lower gods [demons] were the
rulers of this age, and men [as well as women] who knew how
to call on them could get their help for all sorts of purposes.”
That was the structure of belief.
It was also thought that Yahweh, the highest god, could
bring about “disasters, sickness, etc., sent as punishments.”
For this, he could use demons or angels or human prophets.
Smith writes that most Jews assumed the god Yahweh would
eventually “destroy or remodel” the world and “make a new
order.” The details of this revolution or apocalypse were
varied, and there were many debates over which messiahs
would take central roles.
In Jesus’ time, any person who could help heal or allay
symptoms of illness could be elevated to the status of “healer”
or — depending on his message to the people — ”messiah”
or “revolutionary.” Such appellations as “charlatan” and
“brigand” and street magician also, however, waited in the
wings, in case the healer was deemed to be a deceiver.
Some of Jesus’ enemies said he “had a demon.” They said
he was “gluttonous and a drunkard.” Frequently, Jesus’ non-
followers said he was a magician. This term had several levels
of distinction, which were sometimes blurred by commenta-
tors. A magician could be “healing” only temporarily and by
tricks, or through demons,
or as entertainment in theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
191
marketplace. But he could be a magus, which meant he had
both miracles and teachings of importance, about ethics,
about the end of the world and the disposition of souls.
“Magician,” however, normally implied that a divine
messianic link to God was not present. There were exceptions
to this. But when Jesus was accused of being a magician, the
suggestion was clear: he was not divine.
Professor Smith compares the careers of Jesus and a near-
contemporary about whom much is known, Appollonius of
Tyana, the magician.
... both were itinerant miracle workers and preachers,
rejected at first by their townspeople and brothers ...
An inner circle of devoted disciples accompanied each.
Both were credited with prophecies, exorcisms, cures,
and an occasional raising of the dead. As preachers,
both made severe moral demands on their hearers.
Both affected epigrammatic utterances and oracular
style; they taught as if with authority and came into
conflict with the established clergy of the temples they
visited and tried to reform. Both were charged with
sedition and magic but tried primarily for sedition.
Smith goes further. From non-gospel and gospel sources,
he isolates aspects of Jesus’ life which place him in the tradi-
tion of magicians:
After undergoing a baptism believed to purge him of
sin, Jesus experiences the descent of a spirit upon him
— the experiences that made a man a magician ... Then
“the spirit drove him out to the desert,” a common
shamanic phenomenon. After visionary experiences
there, he returned to Galilee where his new spiritual
power manifested itself in exorcism, in cures of types
familiar in magic, in teaching ... and in the call of
disciples who, like persons enchanted, were constrained
to leave their families and belongings and follow him
alone.
With these disciples he lived the predictable life of192
Jon Rappoport
a traveling magician and holy man — a picaresque
existence ... The company was supported by his
success as exorcist and healer, which increased and was
increased by his fame ... he began to initiate his disciples
into his own magical experiences ... the larger text of
Mark tells of a young man coming to Jesus by night, in
the standard costume of an initiate, for instruction in
the mystery ...
Smith calls the Eucharist a pure and traditional case of a
primitive magician sharing his blood and body in symbolic
form with his followers.
The self-appointed arbiters of history have chosen to blot
out the magician’s career of Jesus. They enshrined him as
the Son of God and also supervised the subsequent accounts
of his life. They have given us mural-art of a man artificially
elevated beyond whatever his own creations actually were
— outside the Tradition of Imagination. In that way, they
obscured a real history, and turned a kind of artist into a
bizarre figure intent on sacrificing himself so that humanity
could achieve redemption. The life-force and imagination are
surgically removed from Jesus. Instead we get the mandate
for humanity to make a telescoped and narrowed journey
through the surrendered body of Christ the Messiah. Toward
an artistic invention called salvation.
Is there a lunatic myth to compare with this?
Subsequent official councils of the Catholic Church
continued the artistry, more strange by far than any worlds
of Surrealism or Dada. The body of Christ was honed and
drained and polished into an object of suffering. If life was a
veil of tears, and the fathers of the Church did their bit to
make it so, then every human in the throes of soul-pain and
body-pain could look to the image of the Christ who was so
like them, in a way. The deity brought down from the shining
gates of Heaven into their territory: the forest of despair.
“This god we can love.”
The deception was complete.
Of course, by degrees, and over time, the Formula of the
Secret Society became more complex. The liturgical and moralThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
193
and enforcement possibilities blossomed. From the painter
Giotto, through Fra Angelica to Michelangelo and Raphael,
the illusion of the One Great One spread itself out for the
throngs. Perspective, color-tones, dimensionality, the articula-
tion of the human form — the magician Jesus was made into
more things for more audiences.
Art, art, art. All is art.32
I have pored over scores of planetary creation-stories from
around the world. Humans hatched from eggs, warriors in
communication with the all-giving sun, bogs of stagnant
water hiding primordial land masses, coagulated cosmic
dust, mother goddesses, gods in sky-terraces, caterpillars, a
god making a man from clay and teaching it to speak and laugh
and move. A god commanding sub-gods to make humans.
A god placing his demands on the face of the deep.
There is always the suspicion that the central god referred
to in a creation-myth may be a put-up job. In other words,
He or She may be a coalesced and properly named entity
made fit for obedient worship. Before the dressing-up,
though, the original tale may have spoken of the creator as a
powerful soul or a being rather than an explicit god.
We perhaps see a remnant of this in Herman Melville’s
account of his travels in Polynesia.
Led one day through interior jungle by a native guide,
Melville came upon a small clearing set up with several life-
sized sculpted idols. The wood had not been polished in some
time. One idol was leaning to the side precariously. The
clearing was covered with leaves and fallen branches.
When Melville inquired about the ramshackle condition
of the sanctuary, his guide looked disgusted and said, “They
didn’t do anything for us,” and he kicked the leaning idol,
knocking it over, and walked on.
I would say we can place Polynesia on a list of places in
space and time where the Tradition of Imagination held.
There worship was not frozen by the cult-formula. The people
moved through the spectrum of creation, paused for awhile
in the worship aspect ... and then traveled on.
194The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
195
A soul or a being inventing the world is clearly not the
same thing as a God creating it. A soul is more fluid. A God
confers automatic and bureaucratic “legitimacy” on his work.
“The world should have been made, and He made it. He
knows what He’s doing.” The world is suddenly consecrated
with a finality, and authoritative demands can be made and
imprinted on the minds of those who inhabit it.
Religion confers an unchanging bound-in-chains God.
Once again, what we are seeing is a freezing of the human
race within one part of the dreamlike process we sometimes
call art, or intuition, or dimensional travel, or imagination.
“You have made your God. On that rock you must stand. No
more versions. No more elaboration. That is not permitted.”
We want to encounter /imagine/merge with/exit from
gods and various other entities because we are all reaching
out into infinite spaces. In the process of doing this, we begin
to fathom what that infinite malleability called reality is.
Such a road may not be short, but shall we cover it over
and abandon it in favor of a shaped and hardened and tailored
myth, in which creativity is the exclusive province of a god?
One who has had a shave and a haircut? One whom we
made?PART FOUR33
This section of the book will be strange for some people. It
recounts an experiment, the only proof of which is an internal
victory won by the participant.
Also, there are questions. Is this experiment a kind of therapy
for the imagination? A restoration of fluidity to “personal
mythology?” A space for the exercise of freedom? It is all of
these things and more. It is based on the idea that the Tradition
of Imagination is more than just a hope. This Tradition is quite
real, in which case none of us knows the powers within us.
Legitimate paranormal research suggests that this power
is a far shore we can seek.
The results of imagination can lead us in so many different
directions. “Psychologically,” into expansion of our experience,
into social and political change out of the swamp of conven-
tional premises that threaten to sink us, off-planet into the
universe around us, into capacities to make and unmake
physical realities in fantastic far-reaching ways ...
It is all of this that the Formula of the Secret Society opposes.
The Tradition of Imagination is not based on a premise of
opposition, but it does leave all attempts to permanently
narrow reality in the dust.
I wanted to do an experiment in imagination.
It occurred to me — and I’m not the first to consider this —
that it might be interesting to have a person create or invent a
dream with his eyes wide open. Why? Because dreaming is
one of the most compelling things we do, in terms of energy
and deep grasping of the forces of life within us.
What might this experiment show?
It might begin to transform the conscious dreamer in some
way. It might increase his confidence in relying on his own
imagination.
198The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
199
I felt that, for these objectives to be attained in a serious
way, however, it could take a year or more of steady work
with a person.
But perhaps I and another person would begin to see a
“mythological shift” in a shorter period of time. A shift from
assumptions about life based on obvious myths to something
less categorized and more personal.
I found a volunteer, and without knowing exactly what I
was aiming for, [jumped in.
I want to warn the reader that the substance of these
waking, invented dreams may seem unusual when they
appear in print. They should be no stranger than dreams
we've all had while asleep. But there is a tendency to discount
dreams automatically as frivolous and absurd, because they
break all the rules of ordinary life, all the rules we hold to be
the center of “real” existence.
These dream-accounts may seem to go nowhere, to
produce no tangible result, to fracture their own fragile story
lines. They may seem, therefore, childish.
But I maintain that these criticisms are precisely what hold
us back from the unabashed creation of the strength and
power that lie inside us. We have all graduated with honors
from the school that teaches us that the highest honor is to
be normal.
Additionally, there are people who steadfastly maintain
that the imagination should only traffic in “nice” images.
These self-appointed censors are quick to declare that a “bad”
image produced by the imagination will most certainly lead
to bad behavior. In fact, it is just the opposite. I believe the
suppressed imagination is the key to crime, violence, and
repellent actions.
Let the brief excerpts from the dreams recounted here soak
in a little. Consider what effect they may be having on the
person inventing them. And remember, these are inventions.
They are, in a sense, instant works of art. (Each of Ginger’s
sessions was about an hour — so what I’m setting out here is
just a fraction of what happened.)
Ginger is an emergency-room nurse who is an ex-nun.
She still has a fascination for the Church, and she prays every200
Jon Rappoport
day. She told me she felt she needed “a new outlet.”
I told her this was not therapy.
“T don’t want therapy,” she said.
In my introduction of the experiment to Ginger, I eliminated
entirely the strategy of most religions and secret societies. |
didn’t describe the cosmos in any way, or postulate gods or
saints or nirvanas or flying angels. I didn’t describe a psycho-
logical landscape replete with the Unconscious or sibling
conflicts or parental issues or childhood sexual fantasy. I
didn’t offer any significant symbols or shapes or legends or
myths or “secret histories.” And I most certainly didn’t offer
dream analysis and “what dreams really mean,” which to
me is the fastest way to ruin a good thing.
The first experiment was this: I told Ginger to imagine a
dream of worshipping God.
Ginger immediately invented herself in heaven walking
along the edge of a cloudbank. She proceeded to a small
house that was empty inside. She walked through to the back
door and out into the sky again. Large cumulus clouds. Two
angels flanking God sat in large chairs. God himself sat on a
silver throne.
Ginger started laughing. She walked right up to the edge
of the silver throne.
“God is about fifty years old,” she said. “He’s wearing a
gray robe. His hair is light brown. He hasn’t smiled so far. In
fact, he looks irritated. His eyes are blue. He has a long nose.
British. I walk around to the back of the three chairs. There’s
a bird there, a green bird with a yellow beak. It has a bow] of
seeds next to it. It’s pecking on it. I talk to him: God, there
are a lot of people, and I count myself as one of them, who
has doubts about you. He stands up, turns around and looks
at me. He’s pretty angry. He says, “You come all the way here
with that? How did they let you in? I don’t answer ques-
tions from ordinary people. You have to be a movie star or a
politician to get an audience with me.’ God, I came here
because I’ve been a believer. But now the air is letting out of
the tire. I think you should stay invisible. ‘I am invisible. Do
you think this representation is me? Do you think I inhabitThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
201
this form?’ God, you’re talking to me. You must be here. I
don’t want any proxies. ‘You don’t mean anything to me, even
if you are anun. What do I care about what you think?’ God,
this is how kingdoms fall. With a single crack in the armor.
‘Nothing falls, unless I let it.’ So you’re just a dictator. ‘I’m
God.’ Who gave you the right to set yourself up? ‘Nobody! I
took it.’ You mean you came across a big empty place and
you planted your flag. ‘That’s right!’ Then I think you’ve got
a lot to learn. A lot of people down there think you’re holy.
‘That’s their problem.’ I’m getting down on my knees and
worshipping him. He’s God. It’s beautiful. God sitting there.
He really has a beautiful face. I feel like I could marry him. I
love praying every day. You know, I like to worship. He just
became a green goat. A soldier in armor sitting on a wooden
chair in a castle dining hall. He looked like a snake. God,
why did you say you were human in appearance? ‘I never
said that.’ It’s implied. You look like a snake. It’s ugly. It isn’t
right for a God to look like that. ‘Why not? Aren’t you giving
me too much adulation? Who says I want any? I’m tired of
all you people and your stupid ideas.’ No you're not, God.
You like having us around. You don’t want to be alone. I can
worship an ant or pray to a garden or a traffic jam on the
freeway. But you'd rather I worship you ...”
All Ginger said at the end was, “That’s very interesting.”34.
Ginger had been on the ground in Vietnam. Never seriously
wounded herself, she had seen men come in blown apart
from jungle forays. She had been part of one impromptu
rescue mission behind enemy lines.
Ginger wanted to invent a dream about Vietnam, so she
did. She was back in the jungle. A soldier, Mark, was lying
on the ground wounded. There was enemy fire. A few other
American soldiers were firing back.
Ginger said, “I feel hatred. Fear. Like a monster is present.
Cold. A massive warrior in the sky. His right arm is ripped
from his shoulder. Blood falling into the trees. A man float-
ing in a bubble of blood up toward the sun. The bubble breaks
from the heat. The man inside it speaks about war and the
flight of people out of unnamed countries. He severely berates
the President of the United States for the death and destruction
in Vietnam. Talks about big business and oil profits in South-
east Asia, and the worthlessness of human life. There are
swamps full of lizards and men with green faces who live
underwater. They pull soldiers down into caves. Their faces
are changed into monstrous shapes. An underground sun.
Shining an eerie blue. Fred keeps firing his rifle at the sun.
Small planets or asteroids. Like ships. Men tumbling off and
floating. Bodies hacked to pieces flowing down a huge tube.
Soldiers at the receiving end desperately trying to glue the
pieces together ...”
After the session, Ginger said, “You know, it’s almost as if
what I imagined happened there was more important than
the memories of what did happen. What I imagined unloaded
something from my mind.”
“What didn’t happen was more important than what did?”
202The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
203
“Imagining all those events, flashes, whatever ... it was as
if they held more feeling than the real events. I got rid of
something.”35
A week later Ginger wanted a healing session. I hadn’t
done one in several years.
She lay down on my table, and I put my hands on her
shoulders. I felt an electrical movement. Then I sensed a
parade of shapes and symbols, as if they were coming out of
her body. Circles, squares, triangles, ornate shield-type designs,
intricate flutes of color, the Masonic seeing-eye and triangle,
and various other flowing shapes embedded in larger squares
and circles. A procession of stars of different sizes and com-
position, some quite simple and others built up with interior
lattices.
I responded by imagining a host of similar shapes and
placing them in Ginger’s body.
A back-and-forth flow began, which lasted for a minute
or so. The sensation was like a spectacular conversation.
After the session Ginger told me that she felt a tremendous
energy in her body. Her eyes looked very clear.
When she left, I sat down and thought about what happened.
I was reminded of the spring of 1996, when I was living
near the beach in Santa Monica. I had begun a series of draw-
ings I called Imaginary Languages. Using black acrylic paint,
I had made rows of large letters on six-foot panels of thick
cardboard. These letters weren’t from any language I knew.
They were spontaneous improvisations which jumped off
from the point of Chinese characters.
I stood the finished panels around the room and left them
for several months.
One day, I was lying down looking at a panel I had set up
in front of a large window. I imagined that the letters really
were part of a language; that they weren’t just shapes. As I
continued to look for several minutes, a change occurred. I
204The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
205
began to “read” what was there. What came through was
definitely not literal meaning as we understand that. It was a
series of feelings which existed in a range that did not corre-
spond to what we take as human emotion.
A rule of this language was: Any shape can have a meaning.
Briefly, I was in a register where the shapes on this board
spoke to me. Then the sensation flickered off. It was thrilling.
The language was more aesthetic than English. The meanings
were of distinct feelings and sensations I was not used to. It
was as if I had just been introduced to the bulk of the light
spectrum which is not visible — but can be just as definite in
its imprints as those colors we see every day of our lives.
This in turn reminded me of a night twenty years earlier
when I had been driving through Hollywood with the radio
on, listening to a symphony by the American composer Roy
Harris. For several moments I was no longer listening to
music. I was a telegrapher at my outpost receiving a message.
Every nuance and shift of the orchestra told me something
new, except that it didn’t translate into English. It spoke of
rivers of changing feelings, and I as the telegrapher was
receiving the moment by moment transmission. The Harris
symphony had gone from being a kind of rhythmic canvas
of moods to a glittering and glowing story coming straight
at me, straight at a new sense-perception faculty that had
just been unwrapped from its package.
In the case of Ginger and her session, the river of shapes
and symbols had gone from her to me, and then from me to
her, back and forth, back and forth.
I’d had a glimpse of a much larger arena, in which all
energy between two people travels back and forth and is a
language that is understood perfectly by both parties. Perhaps
the human need for healing is the result of that dimension of
experience being shut down.
Just as many religions try to curtail fluidity and freeze
humans on the aspect of worship, so these societies use
shapes in a frozen way as well. They make them stand for
various secrets and values and “vital meanings.” We are held
in a bit of awe when we see these shapes displayed, perhaps
because just below the surface of our experience lies the206
Jon Rappoport
whole panorama of language unspoken, a range of life
unlived, a beauty forgotten.
We are capable of speaking and hearing on that marvelous
plane. We are capable of using an infinity of shapes to convey
fluid and changing emotions and sensations. But we have
closed ourselves to that. The realm of art, though, is still alive,
and it is the door into the wider world where all our experi-
ence would change, would become art and life at the same
time.
I have spoken with an Egyptologist who has worked with
the ancient hieroglyphic language for twenty years. I asked
him whether he ever experienced the glyphs on another level,
whether the shapes themselves affected him in his studies.
“There are three levels,” he said. “Start with literal mean-
ing of the symbols. Then go to the dimension the pictographs
add to that meaning because of their representational quality.
A bird, a snake,
a human figure, an eye. The third level is
artistic. It has to do with the look of the language. Once in
awhile that kicks in. It’s hard to describe, but you feel like
you're reading drawings and getting messages from them.”
“Are the messages literal?” I asked.
“Not in the ordinary sense. They make me feel the way I
do when I’m walking around in an art museum. It’s a marvel-
ous effect, overall, but I can’t really explain it.”
The Tradition of Imagination.
There are many glimpses and hints of the kind of aesthetic
language I encountered. Of course, the ancient Egyptian and
Chinese characters. Pictures which, over time, became words
or letters in those alphabets.
Look at the paintings of Paul Klee, Kandinsky, Mark Tobey.
Listen to music that takes up a position vacillating between
facade and emotion: Satie, Debussy, Mussourgsky, Monk.
Tantalizing fragments of languages from different realms.
Classical Greek tragedy combined dance, poetry, chant,
story, character. There is no doubt in my mind that somewhere
in time and space existed a kind of art which brought all the
various elements together. As in ancient Greece, where weThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
207
taste that melding, there would be a civilization which followed
that road but went much, much further. The art so inclusive,
so bled into the fabric of the culture that it was truly insepa-
rable from living.
In such an atmosphere, a true transformation would take
place. The emotions which rule the lives of people would
instead be loomed into experience so that, moment by moment,
a kind of ecstasy would take hold. There would be no need
for symbolic ritual to fill a void. People would not be so
hungry for experience that they would gather around the
structure of a secret. The cult, the religion, the oppressive
forces of a society would drop away into the richness of the
ongoing unrolling Adventure. Symbols would appear and
bend and twist and ride and march and fly and decay and
filter through nooks of etheric feeling as frequently as the
leaves move on the trees.356
Ginger tried to help me find long-term practitioners of
Tibetan deity-visualizations who would talk about their
experiences and progress.
So far we’ve had no volunteers who are passionately dedi-
cated to the “ultimate” outcome of that work.
Ginger became interested in this subject after reading John
Blofeld’s comments on dream as a very deep version of
creativity. She located an interesting section in Stephan
Beyer’s remarkable book, Magic and Ritual in Tibet.
First of all, Beyer, writing about a more complete version
of Tibetan practice than John Blofeld — although probably
reporting about a different sect — describes four stages of
attainment that can be reached doing deity-visualization.
Beyer is informed that in the fourth and ultimate stage, a
practitioner “has attained a complete control of appearances
... he is able thereby to empower the appearance of anything
he wishes.”
Such a person would be “the owner of the universe, for
he understands and is able to manipulate the very processes
that create the cosmos ... To gain such contemplative control
of reality is the work of many lifetimes.”
Beyer therefore implies that a long-term school for such
attainment has existed on the planet, in Tibet. Mark this off
to paranoia if you want to, but to me it is hard to say the
invasion of Tibet by China was only about land and human
resources. The living Chinese Maoists would surely rankle
at the aims and straight-on spiritual practices of their sophis-
ticated neighbors.
Beyer traces a roughly parallel Tradition of the Imagina-
tion in the West, through surrealism back into alchemy. Both
208The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
209
of these movements have suffered from criticism based on
the suspicion that they somehow try to avoid the “arduous
work” needed to attain spiritual or artistic worth.
Surrealism and alchemy have also been accused of court-
ing the Faustian taboo: trading virtue for power. Indeed, in
many circles, both fundamentalist and liberal, power itself
is viewed with alarm, as if it basically and intrinsically im-
plies destruction.
In Ginger’s third dream-session, she dramatically illus-
trated a version of this conflict. She chose to imagine a dream
about power.
The intensity of conscious dreaming is widened by speak-
ing with, and as, the people and qualities that come to life in
the dream — a device originated and utilized as therapy by
Fritz Perls and J.L. Moreno. Ginger fell into it naturally.
Here is a brief excerpt from her third imagined dream:
“I’m in a supermarket at night. It must be 2 or 3 in the
morning. The lighting is very bright, and there are hardly
any people around.
“A man approaches me. He’s wearing a robe. A shock goes
through me. He has tremendous sexuality. He takes a package
of rice off a shelf and tears open the cellophane and scatters
it. The air turns blue.
“T feel his energy-heart inside my belly. This isn’t his
ordinary heart. It’s very wild, like an animal.
“T devour this energy. I take it into my eyes, my mouth,
my belly, my shoulders.
“Now I’m in another aisle. I begin looking at cans of
vegetables on the shelves. I have them float up and move
out into the aisle. They bob along in the air and down toward
the far end of the market. I make a chicken appear. He breaks
open big bags of grain and starts eating. But his mouth is a
dog’s mouth, and he darts out and takes in scoops of grain
at a time. He looks at me and I force him with my mind down
to the floor. His whole body is pressed hard against the
concrete.
A man comes walking around the corner of the aisle.
He’s a clerk. The dog is now a chicken. I let him up and he
struts away.210
Jon Rappoport
“The clerk says, ‘What the hell is this! Where did the
chicken come from!’
“T tell him I made the chicken.
“He looks angry, nasty.
“By concentrating I lift the clerk up off the floor and glue
him against the kitchenware rack. He can’t move. He’s
wiggling like a fish. I let him go and he drops on to the floor.
He’s sweating.
“He says, “Goddamn you! What do you think you’re
doing?’
“T turn out all the lights in the store with my mind. I start
turning them on and off quickly. Then I leave them on. The
store manager walks toward me with an ax in his hand.
“T appear as a religious figure to these two guys. I’m
wearing a robe, a white silk robe. No shoes. A beard. I spring
a large gray beard. I turn my eyes sparkling blue. I put a
haze around me. A gold aura.
“The clerk screams and freezes. The manager throws a
can of food at me. I melt it in mid-air.
“The clerk starts crying. The manager says, ‘You’re the
devil!’
“I say, ‘Look at the register.’ We all walk to the front of the
store. Behind his desk the manager opens the register drawer.
It’s full of gold and silver coins. They spill over. He glances
outside the store. In the parking lot is a new black Porsche.
“Tt’s yours,’ I say.
He looks at me.
“Do you want a different color?’ I ask him. ‘Red?’
“T make it red.
“His face is breaking into a grin.
“The scene changes.
“I’m in a huge building, futuristic. A bunch of people like
me are arrested. We’re all in a courtroom. A judge is sitting
there. He’s thinking that we’re troublemakers. He’s thinking
we have to be put into a box. He has to make an example of
us. He’s talking to me. He’s saying, ‘This has to stop. I’m
going to start a propaganda campaign. We're going to discredit
all of you. Every time something bad happens, a train wreck,
a bomb, a crash, we’re going to blame it on you people. By theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
211
time we’re through no one will want to use powers. They'll
stink like rotting corpses. People will like being peaceful and
happy in a little world.’
“T say, “You can’t stop what I do.’
“Of course I can,’ he says. ‘I can make people hate you.
You disturb the tranquillity of the state.’
“They’ll find out. I’ll turn your soul inside out so every-
one can see it. Like a dirty rag.’
“Try it,’ he says. ‘They'll see what I want them to. They
want order. Something pleasant.’
“The judge’s eyes fall from his head. Ashes begin to blow
out of his eyesockets. The roof of the courtroom creaks. It
caves in...
“Now the judge is a priest. I take him to a small room and
I make him lie down in a bathtub. I run water over him and
his vestments dissolve. He’s naked. I bring in a small sun
and I set it near the ceiling. It shines down on the priest and
his white skin slowly starts to turn brown. He’s weeping.
He’s swearing and weeping at me, but in a low voice. It’s
almost like a song, like a song being sung by the whole
Church. I’m bathing him, cleaning debris from his body, from
the wars. The wars of attrition, of killing bodies and spirits.
All this will have to come back to life. All this is going to
come back to life ...”>/
This was Ginger’s fourth imagined dream. She picked the
subject. Night.
“I’m in a dark place, maybe a car on a lonely road. It’s
funny, but as soon as J start to invent it, it has a life of its
own. It begins to talk back to me. All right. Anyway, now I’m
in a dark theater. There are players on a stage. There are no
people in the seats. I can smell cigarette smoke from years of
rehearsals. The players are going through a scene. They are
young and earnest. They want to do it well. The director is
an old man who sits in a rocking chair. He has a shawl over
his knees. He looks like Winston Churchill. He’s falling
asleep. He looks very comfortable. He doesn’t care about
other people being around. He just dozes off. Now I’m dream-
ing his dream. I’m asleep and I’m inside some kind of dark
space. I can’t figure out what it is.
“This is weird. It’s a bed. I’m inside it. I’m crawling
through the springs and the cotton material of the mattress.
There are two people above me, a man and a woman. They’re
on top of the bed. I’m very small compared to them. I’m very
small. I’m crawling through the mattress and I can sense them
above me.
“They’re having sex. I’m part of some energy that’s wrap-
ping itself around them. A Gulliver’s Travels. Anyway, we're
or I’m wrapping this energy around them. Now I’mina
tunnel.
“Another shift. Now there are Indians in headdress.
They’re all explosions of light.
“T’m in a kitchen. I’m baking bread, and the ceiling is
beginning to split open and plaster is falling through. The
plaster is falling all over the kitchen counter. I don’t care. |
212The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
213
just roll the dough. The rolling makes a sound, it’s like coins
in a metal machine ringing. The dough is turning silver and
I’m standing next to a window. Outside the window it’s
sixteenth-century Amsterdam and people are walking along
the canal. The canal is silvery in color and it’s overflowing. A
man is standing on one of the canal waves. He’s wearing a
black robe and there’s a large red star on his back. He has a
sword. I walk out of the kitchen into the street and there he
is sitting at a chair in a cafe. The water is running around
everyone’s ankles but nobody cares. It’s warm water. The
water, all of it, changes to powder, mountains of it. People
are putting it into glass jars and sealing it and running with
the jars into houses along the street. The powder is red and
orange and silver. I take a jar and open it and pass a handful
to the magician in the black robe. He smiles and nods and
filters it through his hands and smells it and then eats a bit.
He nods as if he recognizes it and then he leans his head
back and grins. His teeth are very white. The wrinkles at the
corners of eyes dissolve and he stands up and takes off his
robe and now his face is on the body of a large dog. He trots
away down the street into a bakery and I follow, and the
back of the bakery is missing, there’s no wall. We’re looking
at the black sky, we’re standing on the flat edge of a planet.
The stars are very brilliant. The dog looks at me. Now it’s a
dog with a dog’s face. We both run to the end of the bakery
and leap off into space. Singers drift by us as we float. They’re
singing something I can’t make out. A woman is giving birth
to a child and a group of girls is watching this. It’s all happen-
ing in space. The dog says to me, ‘It’s a long night.’ I ask him
what we should do. Now he speaks to me telepathically. He
tells me that we don’t have to do anything, we’re all floating
around in a circle, and in the middle of the circle — which
we keep getting closer to — is a town, a summer town. I
now feel apprehension, as if I’m going to be baptized in some
kind of hick church. I don’t want that kind of water. So I turn
the church into a lemon grove, and the dog and I are walking
through it. He trots into a small cottage. I follow. On the walls
are polished plates, copper plates, and guns. Rifles, pistols,
machine-guns, antiques and new guns. I walk into the next214
Jon Rappoport
room. A man in army fatigues is sitting in a chair. He looks at
me, as if to say, I can use those guns any time I want to, I can
kill you. I watch him get madder and madder. I place one
eye in the center of his forehead and he starts beaming out a
ray of blue which is quite, quite beautiful. He tells me he’s a
rebel.
“Beings in an energy-state, without bodies, are talking to
one another. This is a very long time ago. I don’t know how
many there are. But they’re from all over. They are saying
that separation from the all-inclusive main harmony is a
coming trend, so to speak. They are saying that perhaps a
million years into the future — although they don’t quote
figures — that’s just a feeling — we will see beings who
become isolated individuals to pursue a new path, to find a
new type of reality, to explore a different basic situation, for
the first time. This will be troublesome, because it may involve
an exercise of power against the present state of harmony. In
that case, what will the rest of us do? Will we abandon our
oneness to take on this threat? It can’t be ignored. It has to be
dealt with. It reminds me of a choir. A hundred singers dedi-
cated to the joint effort, and three people who want to mangle
the beauty. Anyway, power becomes in this assembly an issue
for the first time. Everyone is sharing existence on a very
conscious and rich series of levels. We are all totally plugged
into one another. There is no need for trying to figure out
anything because we are tuned into everything that is. There
is no need for struggle because we are there, we have it all.
We can sense the harmony at any moment. It doesn’t go away.
It’s a steady hum. It’s much more than that. It isn’t just
a sound, like a prayer or a mantra. Those are pale, pale
reflections of what it’s like to exist with many hundreds of
thousands of others in a Oneness that is completely and
voluntarily open. There is no coercion. No one makes demands
of any kind. But among a few of us, an appetite grows for
new experience. It’s very difficult to figure out what to do
about it ...”
Ginger commented: “They sure as hell didn’t teach me
about this in Church.”3S
In her fifth dream-session, Ginger imagined a dream about
gold. The topic was, again, her choice.
“I’m standing in a large cave under the floor of the Indian
Ocean. There is a parade of pirates and adventurers coming
in and out. They get here through a literal hole, a series of
holes into the bottom of the sea. They transport chests full of
treasure, and I sift out the purest gold, which I can recognize
by sight. I’m aware that, to get to me, these pirates have
already engaged in wars of ... spite, rumor, gossip, accusation,
physical violence. This is a vicious world they live in. It
reminds me of the world of political relationships, a world
that would completely deteriorate into chaos if cooler heads
didn’t prevail. The trouble is, the cooler heads are the ones
who wield the real power. The petty squabbling crowds of
rumor-mongering fools say they want to build a better world,
but in the end all they want to do is tear people down. In this
dream, the pirates are open and nasty about it. They don’t
try to cover up their foul natures.
“The gold is lying in heaps on my wood table, a very sturdy
table. I hold a chunk in my hands and feel its vibration. A
slow electrical impulse goes through my body. I feel I’m pre-
paring myself to teach others about gold. I’ll show them how
to feel the nuggets and necklaces and decide which is most pure.
“T see huge factories of the future standing on platforms
in the middle of the ocean. The day is warm and sunny and
the birds are singing. They float on the waves. A very poor
man walks up a long concrete approach to a salamander, a
giant one, which is guarding the entrance to a... villa. The
poor man removes a nugget of gold from his pocket and the
salamander flicks his tail, as if he is being sexually aroused.
The poor man begins to weep and shout and he takes off his
215216
Jon Rappoport
filthy clothes. All his old friends come up to him and he
ignores them. He gets on the back of the salamander and
they crawl the whole length of the side of the villa and approach
the swimming pool. The salamander turns black and begins
to die. He is the old age passing into obscurity. A parade of
machines comes into the pool area. These are gigantic struc-
tures. I’m unfamiliar with them. One begins to break apart
the swimming pool and suck up the water through large
tubes. Another machine unloads earth into the empty hole,
and sprinkles seeds. They grow up into very high stalks. Corn
ears. A machine with a hundred long metal arms reaches out
and picks up a column of water out of the sea. It seems to
‘look’ at the water, and powdered minerals begin to fall from
the column and blow away into the air. The water is now
clear. People circle around it and drink and bathe and jump
inside and swim. The machine with the arms continues to
process the column and remove minerals and other substances
from it. At the horizon I see a machine that looks as big as
several factories. I can hear it adjusting itself. The sounds are
faint and not unpleasant. I can barely make out huge lines of
products that are coming out of one side of the machine.
There are no humans inside it. I realize that under the sea are
several cities which are uninhabited and manufacture prod-
ucts for human use ...”
I showed this account of Ginger’s dream to a reporter I’ve
known for some time. He said, “That’s ridiculous. No water-
processing system would work that way.” Then he remembered
that this was a dream. Then he remembered it was an invented
dream spun by a person who was awake. He was a bit
nonplused. “Well,” he said, “there are a few people who think
automation will go a lot further than it has, especially in
Japan.”
A psychologist I showed the account to began to discuss
Ginger. He went from “symbols for personal issues” to “arche-
types in conflict, that sort of thing.”
I read the dream over the phone to a sculptor of mobile
structures I know in downtown LA. He laughed.39
What kind of world is it in which I can come up with this
curious idea of the invented dream and bring someone in
and ask her to experiment with me in inventing her own
“culture” and her own images — which she can discard at
will or save? It is this world, which, over the last ten thousand
or twenty thousand or hundred thousand years has brought
itself to the point at which there could be an unprecedented
freedom. No completely autocratic and dominated society
could permit such experimentation. No small society with a
single overarching religion could allow this to happen. In
those cultures, stories would be immediately woven into a
central myth-structure which would be called True. Here and
now, we live in a world we have liberated to a great degree
for the imagination, but we don’t use the imagination. We
amazingly let it lie fallow.
After Ginger’s session with its huge factories and machines,
I wrote down a few Buckminster-Fulleresque notes:
Now we have the technological means to answer the
question, what is technology for?
It is for the building of a groundbase zero of guaranteed
survival for every human on the face of the Earth, now and
forever. It is for the groundbase from which human imagina-
tion can fly and become whatever it can be with as much
power as it can create. The histories of societies show that
such power is not friendly to autocratic rulers, even though
that very power is what is needed to save those rulers from
eventual destruction at the hands of their subjects.
A groundbase zero gives birth to the time and space for
the one quality which is kept, to a degree, under wraps while
the planet evolves to this point: human creation. The man
217218
Jon Rappoport
and woman and child who must think about nothing else
except work, a job, to survive is burying that imagination
because it is too spilling-over, too exuberant, too free for the
circumstances of economic life. But as automation becomes
the rule rather than the exception in industry, an opportu-
nity arises.
A new power can replace the old.
Instead of the same faceless power-mad rulers of high IQ
and no apparent soul running the show, making war and
peace and reparation and re-configuration of land and human
resources, we can give way to our own cumulative ingenuity
and, without making a One World Corporation to be the new
God, we can have these transnational gargantuan companies
create enough food, clothing, shelter, education (unlimited),
healthcare, and transport for every human being on Earth.
Groundbase zero. That’s what it is.
We can do this, by making a real economy of companies
that employ people and sell products made by their machines
in such a way that anyone can afford a groundbase zero of
his/her own, for the wage earnable by a minimum number
of hours every week at a job.
Imagination. Invention. Unlimited.
Ginger said to me, “There was no question in my mind
when I saw those huge machines that ran industry in my
dream ... there was no question that they can exist. They
already exist, in a sense. They just need the concentration of
the people who can build them. The skill and the know-how
are already here. The whole thing is here.”
This need not be a massive socialism or a massive run-
away capitalism. This would have to be voluntary direction
taken by companies and by huge numbers of people who
could graduate to other goals, other visions.60
In Ginger’s sixth dream, she began with the idea of multi-
dimensions.
“Tm standing in a room that has a sparkling marble floor.
I’m watching a film about fish of the Great Reef. I’m also
running down the side of a mountain wrapped in blue fog.
As I move, my legs take on the pattern of a gazelle. Longer
and longer leaps. At the same time I’m laying out on a metal
table the energies of the mind of the Freudian analyst who is
devoted to translating every impulse into a childhood sexual
experience. The energies of this analyst’s mind look like a
funnel flower. At the top is the vast number of experiences
of one patient and they rain down inside the stem, the funnel
of the flower, finally into a black box. The box is the Oedipal
night. When the baby tried to make love to his mother and
gain power over his father ... this model is repeated and
sustained over and over for all time, until one day the analyst
wakes up and says, “This is me. This box. This is what I am
doing. This is what I’m harvesting again and again like the
most boring concerto ever conceived ...’
“The gravity in the air of my living room speaks to me. It
says, You could be me in your next life. Don’t think it’s impos-
sible. You could be pulling and pushing in one place and
feeling the entire network of gravity throughout the solar
system, throughout the universe. You could be that, a local
moment that is never noticed that is part of the whole wheel-
ing show from Earth to the end of time.
“Now a wisdom voice speaks. It says, You are witnessing
an attempt to organize and flatten consciousness on your
planet. The elite groups responsible for this are moving by
degrees into a century of corporate control. Economic entities
will, in this version of reality, decide who survives and who
219220
Jon Rappoport
doesn’t. The availability of work, food, and so on will come
under their sway.
“Now God One talks. He says, I created the universe in
all its glory and you owe me whatever | ask for. If you don’t
get down on your knees and live the life I tell you to, Ill
flood the whole Earth and get you to die and then be reborn
to relive the whole show from scratch. That’s how we do
this. We junk the surface of the planet and then we rebuild it
again. That way you can’t progress too far.
“God Two shows up. He says, Don’t buy that nonsense.
He didn’t create the universe. You did. The distance between
where you are now and you knowing that is the first great
leap. The distance between knowing you created the universe
and being able to do it again is the second great leap. Let’s
not kid ourselves. Let’s admit the truth ...”
After the session, Ginger said, “Suppose we imagine a
culture, a civilization in which the myth-structure that under-
lies it changes every day at 1 p.m. Now we're talking about
an advanced thing, I think. That’s what this imagining is,
from a certain point of view. Instead of a bound-up religion,
I’m forming a brand-new state of dreamhood every time we
have a session. The old part of me says, Wait, go back, don’t
accept the new, just find the truth and stick with that. The
new part of me says, The truth is the proliferation of dreams,
the art of it, the invention, the beauty, the weirdness, the shifts,
the freedom. There is a temptation to stay with the thing you
thought was vital yesterday even though you don’t like it
today. That temptation asks you to sculpt a whole civilization
out of a few images and keep it that way. I can understand
that, especially when the lack of food and the lack of heat
and so on were the main fears. But now we have something
different. We can use this stability to go to the next step of
our evolution.”om
If the invented dreams of Ginger seem “weird” and incon-
sequential, think about this. The political left and right in the
U.S. are both quite aware that, under whatever name, more
and more power is accumulating in fewer and fewer hands
on this planet. The left and right cannot agree on anything
substantial. They fight. They debate. They make deals. They
argue, but the march of power beyond them goes on.
The left and the right are glued to their philosophies and
their labels, and they do not like each other’s attitudes.
What do we call the corporate power-elite that is taking
over the reins of this Earth gradually, which will continue to
do so for the next hundred years? Do we call it Satan or
Friendly Fascism or Collectivism or Socialism or Runaway
Capitalism?
In truth, the failure to join sides and unseat this creeping
power structure is a failure of the imagination. It is literally a
failure of the right and the left to be able to imagine different
worlds. They are locked in their philosophies because, at
bottom, they cannot imagine their way out.
That is the truth.
They are not good enough artists. That is their failure.
Even their corruption, their sell-outs and their capture by
various lobbies and elites would vanish if they had the imagi-
nation to see beyond that, AND if they had enough experience
in truly using the imagination to rely on it, if they could in
truth steer by imagination for the good of everybody, come
hell or high water.
22162
In Ginger’s tenth dream, she chose the subject of death:
“I’m in a grotto. I’m talking to a greenish yellowish
person. I can only see his face. We’re having a friendly chat.
He is telling me that I’ve done well, that I’ve arrived at a
way station where things are checked over. I ask him, what
things? He says, just the general condition of my energy. Are
there any leaks, for example. He says I’m ready to pass on to
the next place. I tell him that I’m surprised I’m so so lucid
after dying. I say I wonder whether I'll have to be reincar-
nated in a body back on Earth. He says that’s up to me. I can
go anywhere I want to...
“Y’m on a battlefield with a sword. My horse is lying
nearby with a lance through his side. I’m looking around for
the man who stuck him. Flags are waving. Scarlet banners,
smoke, the background of gray stone mountains. Armor.
We're all wearing armor. Swords clashing. Bright steel, polished.
I knock a man down and feel a thrill course through my body.
I feel I’m on the right side. I can’t remember what this
particular cause is, but it’s right and the enemy is evil. I stab
a man coming at me and he goes down with a shout. Horses
thunder by him. I run toward an embankment near a stream
where another fight is going on. Here everyone is on foot. I
strike a man on the top of his head with the flat of my blade
and he goes down like a supplicant. Around him on the
ground I notice other men. I still feel great spirit in my veins
— the spirit of being on the right side in a battle that has a
goal, that has a good motive ... but I see these dead men
and they all have strange markings on them. Their skin is
discolored in places. I see brown and gray splotches on their
cheeks, long furrows of rashes on their arms. Their ankles
are swollen and some are punctured like balloons, and fluid
222The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
223
is oozing out. I walk from group to group and I see these
men. They’re all marked and ill and dead. But it’s not an
illness I’m used to. This is unfair, this is wrong. This isn’t a
battle for honor and cause and idea. This is subversion in
some strange way. I don’t even know which side these dead
men represented ... a group of riders comes this way. They’re
the lead scouts for a larger group behind them. Small poten-
tates sit in chairs on ornate frameworks. Some frames are
carried on the backs of horses, others are carried by foot
soldiers. At the front of each frame is a man who holds in his
hands a scroll, full of printing. Actually, it’s a testament on a
wooden roller. And he reads in a foreign language the creed
of the Great Country. It’s an entire ideology. There’s poetry
in it, and reference to duties. Behind these frameworks is a
stagecoach drawn by very tall horses, and the King and his
retinue of a hundred all sit in rows of seats in the stagecoach.
The King is the absolute ruler of one of the sides in this war
— it really doesn’t matter which side. I don’t know anymore.
Now I look at those dead bodies on the ground and they’re
turning black and rotting like old fruit. I realize the bodies
are from both sides. The King in the stagecoach has no favor-
ites. He’s an actor. He lives his whole life as the chief of a
country, but in fact he’s something more. He’s a link ina
chain of powers that sprawls all the way up into the sky.
They’ve spread this disease, this fungus that rots from the
inside out among the soldiers who have a kind of spirit about
why they’re fighting. The cause I was fighting for is a dim
memory. Why am I standing there waving a sword? ...”63
After Ginger’s 20th session, she said, “I don’t know what
would happen if we did a session every day for ten years.
How much could I begin to use my imagination?”
22464
How awake can we become to the pre-defined spaces in
which we live our physical, material, moral, emotional,
energic, and spiritual lives? To what extent can we create
these lives by our own imaginations, rather than by using
our inventive powers to fit into a tight blueprint of reality?
In particular, the answer to the second question is up for
grabs. I know of no system or practice or strategy which can
claim to have brought home the ultimate bacon in this regard.
What is the ultimate?
Can we say that the solid matter and the space and time
of this universe is basically a construct of our imaginations?
And if so, can we demonstrate that some human somewhere
has the power to override, so to speak, the universe and play
anew tune?
A Tradition pointing in these ultimate directions has existed
for a very long time on this planet, and it has been masked
over.
Reviewing the scientific evidence concerning paranormal
powers, we can see there is no escape from the fact that people
have been altering the shape of the universe as we know it.
They have been operating outside the normal constraints of
space and energy and matter and even time. This is a strong
clue that we have the creative capacity to “make things
anew.”
22565
The Tradition of Imagination
Centuries before the birth of Christ, the marble island of
Crete was built into palatial homes by its inhabitants. Deviat-
ing from the vast echoing gods of Egyptian sculpture, the
Greeks arrived at an art of human dimension, in which the
fluidity of the carved figure was articulated as never before.
The Greeks often struggled against their beloved gods, and
tried to steal their fire on several fronts, but in most confronta-
tions the people fell to superior power.
In Greece, at the time of Pericles, “every third [free] man
... was a sculptor or a sculptor’s assistant. But today, Greece
is barren of artists.”
The Tradition rises and falls, and appears in all places.
From Sophocles to Rimbaud, from Imhotep to Ravi
Shankar, from Sappho to Nicola Tesla, no attempt at codifying
it has succeeded. This is a Tradition without system.
It does not sit on any single person’s shoulders. It is built
from the ground up by human creators. It stands as the alter-
native to the Formula of the Secret Society, in which more
and more power is taken into the hands of a few.
Ginger’s 23rd dream took up the subject of creators:
“... They’re trying to kill him. He’s running with fire up
to the top of a hill. They’re circling around him like dogs. He
floats up off the ground toward the sun. The sun is small
and gray. It’s heading toward night. Horses come racing
across the sky dragging a child. She’s running to keep up,
and by a miracle she does. She flies into the man’s head and
226The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
227
he stops in his tracks with the fire-torch. She’s dissolved into
his mind. He starts weeping and then his face is transformed.
He becomes ... I don’t know what it is. It takes in the essence
of the little girl, but she’s no little girl. She has a plan. Whole
civilizations unfold from his head, the blueprints. He’s stand-
ing in the middle of a desert now, and palaces begin to form
around him. Marble palaces. He sees a long stone road and
it forms on the sand. Now the little girl is standing there too.
She’s a woman. She looks ahead of her and a mountain rises
up in the sky, a cone of a mountain made out of glass. Inside
it sits a king, aman who wants to take all the structures and
run them as a machine, with little people doing all the work,
the maintenance. He wants to set up a reason for this. He
wants people to think there is some reason they all have to
work for him. Day and night he ponders this. How to pull
this off ...”66
Suppose we could reduce down a thousand homilies and
speculations and blurry statements from the field of psychol-
ogy — and say, simply, that the repression of imagination
causes violence.
Suppose that is really true.
Then we are talking about something at the core of our
problems, a kind of invisible disease that moves from genera-
tion to generation on rails far beyond the gene-centered view
of what a human is.
When we look at the holocausts of history, the enslaving
and murdering of millions of Africans in the establishment
of slavery in the Americas, the wars of ancient Egypt, the
destruction of Crete, Constantinople, all the way up to the
present, when we look at the forcible securing of thousands
of regimes in nations all over the world from the dawn of time,
we are talking about a collective repression of the creative
capacity in humans which, beyond suffering due to loss of
loved ones, beyond personal pain, has a pain of its own —
which can result in the harnessing of energy for violent pur-
poses, rather than for innovation in making a world closer
to our real desires.
The Tradition of Imagination is found and then lost and
then found again. Its essence is so marvelous and liberating
that we tend to discount it. A perfect example is the work of
A.S. Neill, author of the 1960 book,
Summerhill: A Radical
Approach to Child Rearing, named after Neill’s own experi-
mental British school.
At the time it appeared, and for a decade, the book caused
ripples in the areas of the social sciences, and certain artists
including the American author Henry Miller praised Neill
to the skies. Deservedly. Then Summerhill was discarded by
228The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
229
educators as an “interesting, isolated phenomenon,” much
as a cancer cure using so-called natural medicines would be
dismissed by the central medical research establishment.
Neill, following down in action what he took to be the
major principles of Freud and Wilhem Reich, had started, in
1921, a live-in school, Summerhill, in England, which catered
largely to rejects from the tight, buttoned-up British school
system.
Neill operated on the idea that if you allowed students
and faculty to participate, by vote, in the running of their
own school, they would be more real, more alive. And then
if you gave students, with no tricks, the license never to come
to classes until they were ready to learn, they would live out
their childhood fantasies to the hilt.
A child might play in the fields and the mud with his
companions until he was fifteen — every day — and then
finally school would begin to interest him. At that point he
would come to class to stay.
Playing in the fields was not organized by teachers or
counselors. It was kid-play, with its wild changes and acting
of roles and pretending and the rest of it. Free-form.
Imagination.
Neill said on many occasions, “If you stop a child from
living out his successive layers of fantasies until he tires of
each one, if you try to cut that process short under any guise,
the child will not grow up.”
Very uncompromising, and Neill was extremely acute when
it came to observing the deceitful ways massively uncomfort-
able adults would try to derail this living-out process.
Neill’s book shows that his students would, in fact, come
to a point at which they wanted to learn. At that juncture,
twelve years of education might be telescoped into two or
three years, without stinting. The classrooms at Summerhill
were not remarkable. There was no effort made to “interest”
the child in a subject through special aids. Neill forbade this.
He saw that when a child wanted to learn, the teaching
became easy, and when he didn’t the introduction of seduc-
tion was a cruel thing.
Neill essentially proved in his school that the imagination230
Jon Rappoport
is the core of a child’s world, and that it manifests in an art
which engages the child right to the end of his fingertips.
Playing is the medium. Play. And the child is a supreme actor.
Thwarting that process, during which a whole string of fanta-
sies is enacted, you repress the imagination and repress true
maturation.
The freedom Neill created was, and is, a brilliant sun. And
it finally illuminates the creativity of a child, and how the
rigidities of character form — from the dampening of that
inventive spirit.
Neill saw what he did as nothing more than giving what
educators would now call “a developmental approach” to the
underlying ideas of Freud and Reich. There is a subconscious.
It holds fantasies. The child wants to act these out. Let him.
Let him make the unconscious conscious. Let him take that
road to the end. He will, in the process, naturally get bored
after a shorter or longer time, and he will move on.
This was also the idea of the brilliant American psycholo-
gist, J.L. Moreno, the founder of psychodrama. In a classic
case, one of his patients, a teenager, thought he was Jesus
Christ. The child was from a large family. So Moreno assembled
the other family members and convinced them to play, every
night at dinner, the roles of the various apostles. To go along,
in other words, to the hilt with the “psychosis.” For several
months, the family cooperated. Their son was Jesus? All right.
They would help. They would join in. At the end, the son
just tired of the whole thing and dropped it. No analysis, no
office visits, no attempt to modify behavior. Nothing. Just
the brilliantly obvious.
Allow the imagination to blossom.
That way the Christ is not crucified.
That way, instead of a person’s imagination — his dream
of being Jesus — hooked up to one or another structure that
promises relief but gives bondage, it is hooked up to a piece
of theater, creation, art, in which the family become the
apostles and the drama is completed.
The work of Neill shows that, for a child, the imagination
is the master key that creates fantasies, roles, games thatThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
231
unroll a carpet of inner time into the world around him. The
child, thus empowered, can literally play himself into matu-
rity. Evidence that the imagination is wise, that it leads toward
a richer life.
In her 34th dream, Ginger chose the subject of children.
She had taught school briefly in a community in Canada
where, for a year or two, the environment was modeled after
Summerhill:
“T feel like crying. I always feel like crying when I talk
about this. The children and their parents. I see the parents
circling the children, trying to destroy them, trying to rip
out their souls. It’s a long winter afternoon, and the parents
can’t take it anymore. They can’t stand the laughter; the play-
ing of the children is driving them crazy. Day after day the
kids have nothing but freedom. They roll around in the dirt
and the snow and they build structures and they pretend
God knows what! It’s their world. Worlds. They keep making
them up as fast as you can figure out what’s happening.
That’s the beauty of it. The kids are playing on the hillside.
They don’t care about anything else. They’re happy. This is
the terrible thing. This is what’s driving the parents toward
murder. They want to murder their own children. I can feel
them. They want to take their children to places where the
clothes are all laid out and look the same. Uniforms. Armies.
The children go right into the army and they’re beaten if they
refuse to obey any order. They’re sent right to the battlefield
where they ‘honorably’ serve their country. This is insane!
Fodder! I’m up on the hill with the children. I’m yelling out
to the parents — stop! Don’t do this! Let them play! They’l1
go on for years playing! Let them! They’ll eventually stop
and come inside. When they come inside you can teach them.
They'll want to learn. Just teach them what they want to learn.
Have patience. Even if takes twenty years, they'll want to
learn. When they want to, teaching them is so easy. There’s
no pain! Don’t you understand? There’s no pain! Let them
play! They’re just trying out their bodies and souls and minds
in the world. It’s wonderful. They love it. Give them that.232
Jon Rappoport
Just give it to them. Don’t get nervous. Don’t take it away.
Don’t kill them. Don’t approach them here. Leave them alone.
Get away.
“T see whole groups of parents, like a society of parents
from all countries who hate this and they’re walking across
the plains like the old pioneers, except now they want to kill
their children the way they themselves were broken, they
want to stop their own children, they want to take their souls.
This is the reason for all the genetic research, all the labs, all
the ... they’re trying to create perfect children who obey every
command. They can’t stand the pain in themselves of seeing
happy children. They’re afraid of the freedom. We don’t need
those covered-wagon pioneers now. We settled the West!
Now we can give these children freedom. That was why we
settled the whole thing. That was the purpose. Doesn’t
anyone remember? That’s why the kids worked alongside
their parents in the woods, chopping trees and hunting and
planting and all that. So that now we can let them play. Don’t
you remember? The freedom. The children will want to learn.
They’Il do it.
“Night comes down. I see a huge building, it’s a Congress
of some kind, and the waves coming out of it into the sky are
nasty and cruel and painful. I mean painful to the people
inside. Not free. They want to go to war. They think war is
the only answer to the whole civilization. If we don’t kill the
people we disagree with, then how can we live? This is the
insanity. The children have no insanity. They just want to
live out their fantasies. They’re actors. They’re all wonderful
actors. They have so many roles they can play ...”G/
In her 35th invented dream, Ginger gave me a different
slant. She said, “I want to use a symbol to represent the thing
I’m dreaming about. I want to bring the symbol into being
myself and assign the meaning to it. I’ve thought about it.
I’m going to call it Upward Delta. Upward Delta means
change toward infinity, toward unlimited capacity, toward a
consciousness we don’t yet fully understand. People might
disagree with that. They might say it’s a meaningless symbol,
but for me it has great meaning. People might think that
existence is all matter, but that’s their invention, really. I know
that much. No one else has to agree with my symbol or my
dreams. They can invent their own.”
This was Ginger’s dream:
“l’m moving as Upward Delta would. In an ascension. |
get to clouds in the sky, at about 30,000 feet, and the air is
cold, but I’m feeling fantastic. I come across a palace built in
the air. It’s more a structure of beams and square arches and
vertical columns. It’s open. The materials are gold and silver
and copper. This is quite gorgeous. I walk through it and
feel like I’m exploring a lost continent, a place where people
once lived in a frank, honest way, and their existence was
beautiful for that reason. The columns are charred in places,
the remains of wars fought over territory.
“T keep ascending past that to a red palace. This spreads
out in every direction, a series of domes and balconies and
steeples and minarets. It pulsates. The interior is empty. I
walk through it. I realize that this is a focusing apparatus for
rays of energy that come in from outer space. But this outer
space is etheric, it’s not on the same level as the physical
universe. The major purpose of the etheric planets is transmis-
sion of energies. I’m receiving the rays as they are focused
233234
Jon Rappoport
and modified by the red palace. A healing is taking place on
the atomic level. A reinvigoration. I move out of that place
and ascend higher. There are actually a series of palaces of
different colors, and each one functions as a focuser for ener-
gies coming in from different spheres. All of this has to do
with healing. I decide to move through these to a higher
elevation. Now I see a blue spherical structure. Windows and
balconies are cut into the sides of it as it floats. I suddenly
decide that I’m going to change this. Without even knowing
exactly what the sphere is for, I’m going to change it into a
green and black sleek object that is half-machine, half-life, a
kind of huge cat that moves through space, through the night.
Now I change that into a floating ship. The ship is used for ...
I’ll have the ship used for the transformation of energies. It
takes biological emanations from cell-molecules and turns
them into wave lengths that can penetrate the tissue and
bones and heal disease by reshaping the electromagnetic
fields around the diseased tissue. Wave lengths that cut huge
holes in the fabric of space and reveal great fountains of
energy that fuel several different universes. Animators ...”68
Ginger, in her 38th dream, stuck with her symbol, Upward
Delta. “It won’t be in the dream itself,’ she said, “ but I’ll be
referring to it in my mind:”
“I’m changing into a tiger, and that tiger is sitting at the
top of a tree that spans hundreds of miles. I jump off from
the tree and sail out into a white blinding light, a sun that
you can live inside of. I turn that sun into a moon, that moon
into stars that sit in the black sky. I unroll a long cloth and
stretch out on it under the stars and fall asleep. In my dream,
I form mud into a riverbank and water runs past my mouth.
I move out on to the river and swim with it up a hill toward
the sky. I swim between huge clouds and small villages into
a gray wall of fog. Inside the fog I see an attic of a palace and
I jump through an open window into the attic. I turn myself
back into a human and wander through the rooms where
books are stacked against the walls.
A naked blue god stands
in one of the rooms. His body is perfect. I reach out my hand
and exchange hands with him. Now I take his other hand
and it slips on to the end of my wrist and he has my other
hand. His eyes float out into the air of the room and they
settle on my eyes. I see gleaming silver cars move by the
window of the room. The god asks me if I have died. I tell
him that there is only this place and that place and this form
and that form, and I am a formmaker ... the Upward Delta is
a way to remember this.”
23569
In her 39th dream, Ginger said:
“T have Upward Delta, a triangle, inscribed on a stone
wall, a very smooth wall on the side of a building that stands
below a larger stone structure. The larger structure is a pyra-
mid with a ball on it. The pyramid is ... I’m making the pyra-
mid into a seething mass of wild energies, and they hold the
sphere on top. Earth. Our planet is held on the point of a
pyramid of energies. The Earth occasionally bounces up off
the pyramid point, and I bounce it higher into the blue, into
the black space. It takes a collective breath on each one of
these high bounces. I’m floating and turning upside down
above the Earth and I’m drifting much higher into a heaven
of gold angels that float around. I ascend higher through this
place into a series of green castles. I congeal the castles into
one. I compress them. I force the green substance up into a
high, high building that touches the clouds at the top of the
realm. I float up to the ceiling of the realm, which is made
out of a linen cloth, a white cloth, and I cut through it with
my hand and float outside ...”
23670
Ginger sent me a letter several months after our last
session, which was her 41st.
“T feel I’ve taken over the reins in a certain way. When
people belittle the imagination, they’re jumping back from
fear. I can see every significant institution I’ve been part of
in my life now as someone else’s solidified dream. Not mine.
Why they would want to keep control of other people is
beyond me. Anyway, I’m writing down my imagined dreams
every day now, accumulating a sheaf of them. Who knows
how far this can go? I see no limit on it. Occasionally I find
myself focusing too much on the meaning of the dreams,
rather than on the adventure of inventing them and feeling
them and seeing the images. At those times, I realize how
programmed we all are to what you call The Pattern. We
think that finding It will somehow do the whole job of lib-
erating us. I’m beginning to see that the truth is far different.
“My grip on the Vietnam war is unshakable now. They
sent us because we would go. Whether it was about oil in
Asia — whatever the real reason, we — on both sides —
picked up weapons and went there to kill each other. That's
a hell of a dream, and I can tell you that’s what it felt like
during my tour. No government or institution can tell me
now that I owe them something special, because I know what
they’re doing. They’re trading on history, which is a long
road of leaders trying to get people to jump. I’m not jump-
ing anymore ...”
At the level of the psyche, I believe there is a debate among
ourselves. There are those who feel that forces outside us are
the primary creating agencies of this world, this universe,
237238
Jon Rappoport
this life. Then there are those who hold that our own imagina-
tion, our own invention, is the ascendant key. All the way
along the line there is the temptation to interpret Pattern as
the explanation for life, when Pattern is the swirl, the deposit,
the fossil left by life, by us, as we seek to extend our conscious-
ness — or, shrinking back from that, as we seek to wall in
and control others.
This series of invented dreams I have presented — and
Ginger’s sessions were each an hour, so the versions printed
here are only excerpts — these dreams are an effort to make
a beginning along a modern road of increasing the scope,
the power, the dimensions of the imagination.
Whether I or you like Ginger’s dreams is beside the point.
They are hers. What would yours be?
The Tibetans have made the purest statement of their hope
and intent: that the imagination is the prime source of creation
in all realities. Can we find a way to the realization of that?
Can we go the distance?
I see no reason to shrink back. And I am certainly not
interested in an argument about the merits of one system
versus another. We need people who will present and experi-
ment with every method they can conceive.
The future is there to be made.PART FIVE71
(All quotations in this chapter are from the compelling
1980 collection of essays called Trilateralism: The Trilateral
Commission and Elite Planning for World Management, edited
by Holly Sklar. That book, if it has a political slant, is toward
the left, so drop any notions that Iam pawning off some
version of globalism as the Work of Satan. In fact, clear the
decks of as many ideological preconceptions of global power
as you can. I hate to disappoint doctrinaire readers, but global
power is as politically neutral as the Church of Rome. Which
is to say, elites will ally themselves for a moment with who-
ever can help them, and will label themselves whatever will
pragmatically advance their goals — but their real desire is
domination. They take it; you name it.)
What about today? In the big picture, how can we interpret
the so-called status quo? Is there an art here that tries to freeze
us into a state of submission? If so, what could be the hidden
agenda?
If power is the capacity to create, those transnational
corporate elitists in the secular realm who achieve massive
control over the lives of others are missing an important part
of the equation. They ply their repressive trade as if it were
the piling up of blocks.
Domination and dominion crowd out a sense of invention
at the highest levels.
When they collaborate with one another to influence the
course of nations, these men favor the inevitable “add-on”
philosophy of simply bringing more into the fold. More
money, more natural resources, more political leverage, more
cheap /slave labor.
240The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
241
They expand from one million to a hundred million to a
hundred billion of something, but the paradigm-landscape
essentially remains the same. In part, the substance of their
art is in advertising. They fashion, for the masses in the
industrialized countries, a generic excitement, a universe which
appears secure, which seems to promise continued comfort.
It is important to understand this type of universe-making,
because it is the up-to-date version of God, of how things are
run.
Multinational corporations, governments, banking insti-
tutions, and the clubs they form are, by my definition, a
network of constantly evolving, constantly solidifying,
constantly learning secret societies. They show the public
various benign faces, but they conceal an agenda whose
congealing purpose is the making of global rule and unifor-
mity. This is not spoken about. It is a goal 180 degrees away
from the seeming goal of global unity.
Coming out of World War II, it was easy to believe that
the fate of nations rested on the ability of world leaders to
forge agreements that would bind them together.
The piecing together of such a structure was attractive to
industrial corporations and banking institutions. They signed
on to solid trade pacts and the lending of huge sums in order
to resurrect trading partners out of the rubble of Europe, out
of the humiliation of Japan. All would be well. World-wide
production and sales of goods of every type would soon soar.
Anyone could see the dimensions of the new money-world
over the horizon. How could isolationism last in the face of
fleets of oil tankers? How could economic separatism prevail
when massive airline operations, speeded-up planetary
communications, and mind-boggling plastics and electronics
industries were taking over the limelight?
Indeed, comprehensive planning for the postwar world
had been taking place for some years.
The privately based U.S. Council on Foreign Relations’
(CFR) War and Peace Studies Project, starting in September
of 1939, formed up to come to an understanding about the
desired shape of “a new world.” Five study subgroups, made
up of a hundred influential American men, including eventual242
Jon Rappoport
CIA director Allen Dulles, initiated a six-year project of
research. These men made lasting links with “at least five
[U.S.] cabinet-level departments and fourteen separate
government agencies, bureaus and offices ... The aim of the
vast undertaking, to which the Rockefeller Foundation alone
gave over $300,000 in a six-year period, was to directly
influence the government [in U.S. postwar planning] ...”
The CFR “initially proposed during 1941 and 1942 the idea
of international economic institutions to integrate the new
world order ...” The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and
the World Bank, eventually created at the Bretton Woods
Conference in New Hampshire in 1944, resulted from the
combined efforts of CFR members, the U.S. Treasury Depart-
ment, President Roosevelt's cabinet, and the Department of
otate.
The IMF and the World Bank would be used to stabilize
national currencies, fund industrial development in chosen
countries — often through outside U.S. corporations — and,
eventually, command the vital affairs of debtor nations who
couldn’t meet their loan payments.
CFR director Isaiah Bowman, in May 1942, asserted that
the United States needed to establish a United Nations. He,
along with four other CFR members, became the substance
of a secret six-man committee set up by Secretary of State
Cordell Hull in January 1943. This was named the Agenda
Group, and it planned the United Nations. Its proposal-draft
would closely resemble, in many ways, the final UN Charter
negotiated at the international meetings at Dumbarton Oaks
in 1944 and San Francisco in 1945.
In fact, the CFR-controlled Agenda Group was, in effect,
“the coordinating agency for all the State Department post-
war planning ...”
Of course, the public was quite unaware of this vast and
illegal influence by the CFR over our postwar affairs. And
this was not through inattention. The CFR did not court
public support or publicity. It was only interested in obtaining
results.
Nine years after World War IL, a new group of major
players emerged in Europe. Named after the Holland hotelThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
243
in which their first meeting took place in May 1954, the
Bilderberg Group has “filled, to some degree, the need to
coordinate the transnational system of the West.” Like the
CFR, its emphasis has been on foreign policy. In 1957, it
played a major role in manufacturing the consent that
brought the European Common Market into being.
“Participants in the [Bilderberg] meetings over the last
twenty-five years have included most of the top ruling-class
actors in the postwar history of Western Europe and North
America ...”
Bilderberg’s first chairman, Prince Bernhard, had gone to
work for the German chemical cartel I.G. Farben in the
mid-1930s, at about the time Farben was throwing its con-
siderable weight behind fledgling leader Adolf Hitler.
Bernhard was given a position in department NW7, the
Farben intelligence section. In 1937, he married Princess
Juliana of Holland. They sat out the war in Canada, where
the Prince busily raised funds for the Dutch Army and acted
as a military liaison with allied groups opposing Germany.
Bernhard, like many other elite players, was acquainted
with all sides of the action.
A 1966 Bilderberg prospectus sums up one of the group’s
major thrusts:
In the early fifties enthusiasm for, and confidence in,
European unification justified the expectation that an
economically and possibly a politically and militarily
integrated Europe would be in a position to speak with
one voice with the United States. There was every
reason to expect that Bilderberg’s activities would
considerably facilitate and help to consolidate this
process ... the prospects of achieving the desired
economic integration became increasingly gloomy ...
[but] the [Bilderberg] organization has continually
adapted to changing circumstances ...
Judging by the current state of Europe, Bilderberg’s patience
has paid off. The continent is much closer to a unified political
status, and even though there are dissidents, one would have244
Jon Rappoport
to say, particularly with the election of Bilderberg British
Prime Minister Tony Blair, that the future looks quite promis-
ing for elite interests.
Clearly, both CFR and Bilderberg have continued their
pursuit of power, with the strategy of bringing nation-states
under the aegis of comprehensive institutions created for that
purpose.
Bilderberg, the CFR, and the similarly non-governmental
Trilateral Commission — created in the U.S. in 1973 — have
continued their push in the international arena. It has become
clear that, even when competition develops among or within
these groups, there is a gigantic prize to be won. Continued
cooperation will lead to unprecedented world dominance
by the few over the many.
These powerful men have seen that, for them, it makes
no sense to stop at the level of trade treaties. The mandate
should be to bring about global control to the degree that
global populations will stand for it. In that setting, inevitable
backslidings and defections can be nipped in the bud by
members of this “Club.”
The public face put on this kind of “progress” has been:
let’s have peace once and for all. (Let’s establish UN and other
regional peacekeeping forces for that purpose.) Let’s bring
to fruition the great human longings — the end of hunger,
triumph over disease, economic opportunity for all. Behind
that benign face is quite another attitude. Take, for example,
the much-applauded UN effort to bring health to the conti-
nent of Africa. After ten years of research on American and
international cartelization of medicine, I (and many others)
have come to the conclusion that the UN has done everything
but actually solve the centuries-old African health crisis. That
situation is based on two factors: dirty water and the lack of
food caused by the corporate-government theft of good grow-
ing land from the people of Africa. Any medical agency worth
its certificates and its oaths would long ago have begun a
massive material and PR effort to solve these problems —
which are the basic cause of chronic illness and death on the
continent of Africa. Cleaning up the water is not, by the way,
an impossible task. Not at all. But UN health efforts somehowThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
245
manage to focus on other things which do not bring about
the greatly needed result.
The art of politics, at the highest levels, is to give a human
voice to people’s great historic longings, and to keep hammer-
ing on the idea of ever-constant, forward progress. However,
behind that light will hide the agenda of global control.
As early as 1979, how could one avoid shaking his head
at the potential power of an organization, Bilderberg, whose
steering committee alone consisted of: the head of FIAT,
Giovanni Agnelli; David Rockefeller; Baron Snoy et d’Oppuers,
the Secretary-General of the Belgian Ministry of Economic
Affairs; Victor Umbrecht, director of the Swiss pharmaceuti-
cal giant, Ciba-Geigy; George Ball, managing director of
Lehman Brothers; Lord Eric Roll, director of the Bank of
England, and chairman of the Common Market Trust; Emilio
Collado, Exxon executive and J.P. Morgan director; and Otto
Wolfe, German industrialist.
Wolfe, Rockefeller, and Agnelli also served as executive
committee members of the Trilateral Commission.
Going back even earlier,
President Kennedy “virtually staffed the State Depart-
ment with ... Bilderberg alumni” — Secretary of State
Dean Rusk, Undersecretary of State George W. Ball,
George McGhee, Walter Rostow, McGeorge Bundy,
Arthur Dean — and Paul Nitze at the Pentagon.
Furthermore, many of the Trilateral Commissioners in
the Carter Administration [were] also Bilderbergers,
including Vice-President Mondale, Secretary of State
Vance, National Security Advisor Brzezinski, and
Treasury Secretary Blumenthal.
Not all Bilderbergs or CFR members or Trilateralists have
signed on to the same policies at every important juncture.
Debate, particularly at Bilderberg meetings, can be lively. But
the sheer weight of collective control that can be exerted, as
decades pass, by men such as those mentioned above, is
beyond simply dangerous. As more political and economic
power comes into their hands globally, the vision of an elitist246
Jon Rappoport
future is easier to see — and there is less reason for disagree-
ment among them.
Meanwhile, Bilderberg, perhaps the world’s most dominant
club, maintains, as well as it can, the objective of not drawing
the attention
of the greater population to Bilderberg activity ...
Bilderberg’s existence is often denied, even by foreign
ministry officials. Apart from planted newspaper articles,
no Bilderberg publications are available to the public.
The extent of media blackout is remarkable ... [In 1967,
press Baron] Cecil King, chairman of the International
Publishing Corporation (which was the largest daily
circulation press in Britain) and chairman of the News-
paper Proprietors Association, requested his fellow
proprietors to see that “on no account should any report
or even speculation about the content of the [current
Bilderberg] conference be printed.”
The above quotes about media secrecy concern the 1960s
and 70s. Today, not much has changed. Public pressure to
reveal the location of yearly Bilderberg meetings has made
it more difficult to maintain concealment. But no articles —
except as a result of infiltration — appear that detail the
substance of these conferences.
The Trilateral Commission has, at least on one occasion,
shown a more careless attitude toward press coverage of its
actions. This astonishing, through-the-looking-glass 1978
exchange between reporter Jeremiah Novak and Trilateral
Commission members Karl Kaiser and Richard Cooper
shows how much control apparently resides within the
unelected private Commission:
Reporter: Is it true that a [private Trilateral] committee
led by Henry Owen of the U.S. and made up of repre-
sentatives of the U.K., U.S., West Germany, Japan,
France, and the EEC is coordinating the economic and
political policies of the trilateral countries? [The Trilat-
eral countries are U.S., Canada, Belgium, Denmark,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
France, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg,
247
Netherlands,
Norway, Spain, U.K., West Germany and Japan.]
Cooper: Yes. They have met three times.
Reporter: Yet, in your recent paper you state that this
committee should remain informal because to formal-
ize ‘this function might well prove offensive to some of
the Trilateral and other countries which do not take
part.’ Who are you afraid of?
Kaiser: Many countries in Europe would resent the domi-
nant role that West Germany plays at these meetings.
Cooper: Many people still live in a world of separate
nations, and they would resent such coordination.
Reporter: But this committee is essential to your whole
policy. How can you keep it a secret or fail to try to get
popular support?
Cooper: Well, I guess it’s the press’ job to publicize it.
Reporter: Yes, but why doesn’t President Carter come
out with it and tell the American people that economic
and political power is being coordinated by a committee
made up of Henry Owen and six others? After all, if
policy is being made on a multinational level, the
people should know.
Cooper: President Carter and Secretary of State Vance
have constantly alluded to this in their speeches.
Kaiser: It just hasn’t become an issue.
At that time, the mix of corporate and government
members of the Trilateral Commission was quite chilling. A
very partial list included major executives of General Electric,
CBS, Time, Exxon, General Motors, Bank of America, Ford,
Coca Cola, Bechtel, Mitsubishi, Cargill, Rio Tinto Zinc, Bank
of Madrid, Shell Oil, FIAT, General International Bank of
Western Africa, Midland Bank, Belgium National Bank.
More? The Prime Minister of France, the Japanese Minister
for Foreign Affairs, the West German Minister of Economics,
the British Secretary of State, the President of the United
States, the U.S. Secretary of State, the head of the AFL-CIO,248
Jon Rappoport
the head of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, the head of the
Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), the head of the
Bilderberg group.
Although the Trilateral Commission has many plans and
activities, at the top of the list would be making the world
safe for transnational corporations — including banks who
naturally want to invest capital, unimpeded, in any country
in the world. All this is subsumed under the buzz-term free
trade.
The translation of this apparently open policy is another
matter entirely. The trend is toward more control by mega-
corporations over the lives of people everywhere. As these
corporations get stronger, make up a larger part of any local
economic sector, they become “kings of survival” for people
who need jobs to live. The same corporations exercise more
and more influence over governments — and this means
obtaining land and resources for a song in places where
people have lived and farmed for centuries.
Under pressure from the International Monetary Fund to
pay off loans, countries will bend more easily to transnational
corporate requests for land, resources, and by implication
slave labor.
The theme is: More and more power falling into the hands
of fewer people.
One could call this the end-game of free market capitalism
and applaud it as the natural outcome of survival of the fittest,
but that would be a delusion.
What we have here is a coalescing of power through illegal
collusion, manipulation of free enterprise, and the hijacking
of governmental functions by groups formed alongside such
governments: CFR, Trilateral Commission, Bilderberg.
Those who argue about socialism vs. capitalism entangle
themselves in words that no longer fit the reality: powerful
men and their institutions are gaining more and more control
of this planet, under the aegis of co-opted governments,
international financial organizations, and global corporations.
If unchecked, what kind of world will emerge?
A more robotized obedient one.
If survival can be made into a carrot/stick for every humanThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
249
on the face of the Earth, and if this carrot can be held out by
a smaller and smaller number of corporations, then human
behavior itself will take a quantum leap into a caricature of
itself.
People will become blinder than ever to the misfortunes
of others. They will affect satisfaction and happiness, and
come to equate these qualities with fitting into the slots of
their jobs. They will seek to understand more exactly what is
required of them by their bosses, and they will conform to
those demands in greater and greater detail.
Does this sound familiar?
The new world is a matter of degree, not kind.
Meanwhile, this network of power, this confederation of
men who discover, every year, how to wield more control
over the lives of Earth’s six billion, uses its imagination to
construct a universe whose message is:
“We are moving forward. Progress is good for everyone.
Life is better. Regardless of glitches, everything is all right.”
That may sound like an uninspired form of art, and it is.
It’s not Michelangelo, but it works. And the glamour of the
advertising world supplies the glitz.
This elitist art-strategy works because it is a version of
what we all are already creating in our civilized hearts: a
future that succeeds for everyone, exciting new times, true
human progress, a sense of reliability, a platform from which
to launch great adventures.
Why wouldn’t we accept the same message from other
people, particularly from our leaders?
The only flaw is, they are using that message to soothe a
world as it falls further under their sway.
Is this universe-making on the part of these power-brokers
completely conscious? No. These men are also talking to
themselves, trying to reassure one other that all is well. Like
most humans, they need that reassurance because they are
cut off from the deeper levels of their own imagination. That
is the problem. That is the real crisis of faith.72
The general consensus among economists who care to look
is that about 300 transnational corporations presently control
25% of the world’s productive capacity.
Read those numbers again.
25073
Just to do a little updating, here are some members of the
CFR and/or the Trilateral Commission from recent times:
“... Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, former Chairman Paul
Volcker ... Cyrus R. Vance, Bobby Ray Inman ... CBS chief
Laurence A. Tisch, anchorman Dan Rather, NBC chief John
F. Welch Jr., anchorman Tom Brokaw and David Brinkley,
ABC chief Thomas S. Murphy and anchor Diane Sawyer,
PBS’s Robert MacNeil and Jim Lehrer, the Washington Post's
Katherine Graham, CNN’s Daniel Schorr, U.S. News’s David
Gergen ... Al Gore, National Security Advisor Anthony Lake,
Secretary of State Warren Christopher, Secretary of Defense
Les Aspin, Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt ... Secretary
of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala.
“Between May 30 and June 2, 1996, the Bilderberger Group
met in King City, near Toronto, Canada. Attendees included
President Clinton’s senior adviser George Stephanupolos,
Defense Secretary William Perry, Henry Kissinger, Lloyd
Bentsen, and David Rockefeller.”
25174
This chapter presents a speculative sketch of a person who
may be an elite controller type, behind his apparent good
works. Is he high in the ranks of those men who increasingly
see their way clear to sculpting “their kind of Earth” in the
21st century?
Consider this statement attributed in 1988 to Prince Philip,
Duke of Edinburgh, consort to the Queen and renowned
champion of ecological causes. The statement stands as a
monument to weakness sitting at the heart of great wealth.
It is also, in a way, Philip being creative. I believe it represents
a prevailing thought — if the walls could speak — of many
among the super-rich:
“In the event that I am reincarnated, I would like to return
as a deadly virus, in order to contribute something to solve
overpopulation.”
One wonders whether Philip sees himself as a wealthy
virus who would somehow retire to his castle for a bath and
a late dinner after inflicting death on several million valueless
humans.
On a similar note, here is a wry (?) statement made 35
years earlier by Bertrand Russell. It reflects a sometime level
of imagination among the British intellectual elite:
“War, so far, has had no very great effect on this increase
[in world population] ... but perhaps bacteriological war may
prove more effective. If a Black Death could spread through
the world once in every generation, survivors could procreate
freely without making the world too full ... The state of affairs
may be somewhat unpleasant, but what of it? Really high-
minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other
people’s.”
252The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
253
Men like Philip apparently omit from their memories the
history of “overpopulated” nations whose pasts have been
dislodged and crushed and dominated by foreign interests,
colonial interests, before bleeding out into a horrible state of
economic misery. Viewing this endgame misery, the Philips
of this world warn that attempts to help put things right may
result in just too many people being successfully born and
surviving. In other words, worse overpopulation.
I know I am jumping ahead several large steps, but follow
me.
Consider the following as serious thoughts in the mind
of a human being:
The desire and willingness to destroy populations.
The concentration on population-reduction as an experi-
ment.
Scenarios for reducing population drastically through
experiments.
This is the art form of certain human beings, and I am not
making a trivial point.
This is the limit of their imagination.
This is the shape of their imagination, yes, but this is also
the serious limit to which their imagination has been taken.
Here is a statement attributed to Prince Philip (University
of Western Ontario, Canada, July 1, 1983):
“For example, the World Health Organization Project,
designed to eradicate malaria from Sri Lanka in the postwar
years, achieved its purpose. But the problem today is that
Sri Lanka must feed three times as many mouths, find three
times as many jobs, provide three times the housing, energy,
schools, hospitals and land for settlement in order to maintain
the same standards. Little wonder the natural environment
and wildlife in Sri Lanka has suffered. The fact [is] ... that the
best-intentioned aid programs are at least partially responsible
for the problems.”
Sri Lanka’s problems started long before malaria drugs
were dispensed, and those problems were not entirely sepa-
rate from elite foreign intervenors.
In his 1988 preface to Down to Earth, Philip wrote what,
under a certain light, would appear ominous:254
Jon Rappoport
“...as a boy I was made aware of the annual fluctuations
in the number of game animals and the need to adjust the
‘cull’ to the size of the surplus population.”
On at least several occasions, Philip has said that the survi-
val of a species is the thing to be desired, and the deaths of
individuals within a species are unimportant. It also seems clear
that he views animals and humans as just “different species.”
Philip wrote the Introduction to a section in Down to Earth
called “The Population Factor.” He speaks of control of the
numbers of animals on the planet, and then switches over to
humans. His statement has an odd whiff:
“Predation, climatic variation, disease, starvation — and
in the case of the inappropriately named Homo sapiens, war
and terrorism — are the principal means by which population
numbers are kept under some sort of control.”
Background: if having a friend and business associate like
Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands could be counted as a
reference-point for his own attitudes, Philip, it should be
remembered, has worked for many years with a man who
had labored for the notorious Nazi cartel, I.G. Farben, in its
intelligence section. Farben, as one of the major leveragers
of Hitler, eventually, after Bernhard’s departure, set up
concentration camps as factories for the production of
synthetic oil and rubber, and used and killed many prisoners
as “temporary employees” in these factories.
Philip, as consort to the Queen of England, is linked into
enormous power which, among its more obvious avenues,
uses money and home-grown corporations and banks to buy
companies on a global basis.
How does a Duke with connections at the highest levels
of business maintain his celebrated position that in a few
years the world will be destroyed by overpopulation and
pollution unless we forestall it, while some of the very men
who, for instance, belong to his Club of Isles, must be busy
fomenting that pollution?
The Royal Family business and/or personal connection
to Dutch Shell, Imperial Chemical Industries, and Unilever
makes it quite hard to accept Philip’s sentiments about saving
the planet as altruistic.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
255
It is reported that a stated aim of the Club of Isles is the
reduction of world population to under a billion. If so, how
could that be done, except by genocide?
How does a Duke whose family is tied so closely to vast
petroleum interests renounce pollution without explicitly
renouncing his family’s judgment? Have you heard such a
ringing declamation? I’m willing to be proven wrong, but I
haven't heard a thing.
Can we infer what kind of world the sort of man I have
been describing in this chapter would want, would work for?
Whether this man is Philip or someone else, I am convinced
he exists and that there are others like him.
This kind of man wants a world that is like a golf course.
He lives on the fourteenth fairway and he also lives in a castle
on top of the nearby mountain. There are very few cities left
on the planet. There are many pretty towns in which artisans
perform their wonderful tasks for low but reasonable pay.
The machines of industry are spectacular and they are hidden
underground where a technician class of worker ensures their
efficiency. The population of the planet is down to 600 million
and wildlife are flourishing. So are the plants and flowers
and trees. The streams are clean. The air is fresh. The smog
and the old cars are gone. Vehicles run on water.
In this setting, one can live the very good life and indulge
whims, for one is the feudal King of his domain.
How do you cure the kind of imagination that really wants
that world? Does merely stepping on it do the trick? Perhaps,
but not in the long run.
In the long run, we are talking about education — and
not in the familiar sense. We are talking about something
new and extensive which, for the first time on this planet,
gives the imagination so much free-ranging exercise that the
owner of an imagination turns out to be able to conceive
world solutions as something far different from wars and
plagues decimating populations.
In the long run, we need a planet full of people like that.75
The Tradition of Imagination personified.
In 1940, R. Buckminster Fuller knew and said that business
and government could walk another road. He had calculated
that we, as a race, had enough technology to provide every
human on Earth with more than the essentials of life: housing,
clothes, food, transportation, unlimited education and health
care.
Fuller pointed out that the alternative would be incred-
ible dislocation and unemployment-disaster as industry
became automated.
“There are two ways to look at the same thing,” he said.
“You can be out of a job, or you can be on full scholarship.”
For Fuller, full scholarship meant being charged with the
job of trying to come up with really bright ideas that would
push human progress along.
This was not some vague dream on his part. He actually
envisioned a world in which every human would be liberated
from sheer toil and from living on the edge of survival. Liber-
ated into what? Into whatever would constitute true human
advancement, as defined by each person.
Fuller presupposed that technology actually existed for a
reason. At one time that reason may have had everything to
do with competition or wealth ... but what do you do when
humans have so brilliantly succeeded that their technology
now allows the whole race to survive? What do you do when
the largest corporations cannot go full-bore on production,
because their capability to turn out products is too great,
would cause drastic oversupply, would force prices to collapse
overnight? What do you do when the brilliant technology of
automation will, in the next fifty years, eliminate the need
for millions of workers all over the world? What do you do,
256The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
257
in other words, when you thought you were playing chess
and now you discover you are playing tic-tac-toe?
You see the board and you know how to win, tie, or lose.
At that point, you can choose, as major power players on
this planet have, to run screamingly from such realizations
and pursue your former goals. Or you can find a confidence
in your own imagination and begin to envision a new level
for the world.
This is the crisis.
This is where the failure of imagination, and the fear of
relying on it, will bring the whole house down.
It is clear that massive corporations can find ways to
supply the essentials of life to the planet and help end war
and disease once and for all. And they can still make a profit.
They don’t have to engage in excessive collusion to accom-
plish this feat, and they don’t have to make governments
even stronger in the process. They don’t need to wheel out a
global government. And national economies don’t have to
be placed under the rule of a Transition Commission to a
Better World.
That “Commission” is what we have now, as sketched in
over the last several chapters, and the deception is obvious.
It is not about better, it is about more domination and control.
The truth is rather ruthless: without a background of trust
in one’s own wide-ranging imagination/ process, one will
always opt for the solution that preserves the status quo. Oh,
you might tweak that status quo a little and call it wonderful,
but you will be afraid to imagine and then try anything truly
new. Why? Because you have no experience in doing it, in
finding out that you don’t end up falling down into a dark
abyss permanently.
If not sooner, it should be apparent now that the Tradition
of Imagination is not about parlor tricks. We are talking about
the future of the planet.
To cite only one of a host of examples, it was a failure of
the imagination that led America to draw back from its own
space program. In 1982, I carried out an extensive set of inter-
views with scientists, including the Galileo Jupiter-probe
engineer, Ted Clarke, from Jet Propulsion Lab. He, among258
Jon Rappoport
others, remarked that orbiting hotels and space colonies were
far from sci-fi fairy tales. The technology was here, the
projects could be begun immediately. We could eventually
outfit ten or twenty space-cities and, through gravity assists,
send them out of the solar system on thousand-year journeys.
Implementing these and other ideas would incidentally
guarantee full employment in this and a number of other
countries, to say nothing of the sea-change in the minds of
our people. It is called inspiration.
Fill in the details yourself.
We have, for some time, been a nation that is lingering in
still waters. We have largely forgotten what a great journey
would be.76
The Tradition of Imagination.
New ideas.
What follows are two quite brief interviews with people
who, in different fashions, embody the Tradition of Imagina-
tion. The result of their work reveals ways of decentralizing
power — economic power, political power, energy-power.
This must be understood: to bring about a successful
decentralization of power on this planet could virtually end
the hegemony of the ages-old Secret Society Formula. To
make this happen, we need technology which can function
at the level of the individual in such a way that he/she gets
off the central energy grid. This technology must also make
it possible to maintain and update infrastructure at local
levels, without reference to large corporate and government
bodies. And finally, there must be a coherent plan which gains
the support of many, many people to drastically reduce the
weaponry on the planet — without simply leaving that force
in the hands of governments, armies, or police.
Ted Clarke Interview
Ted Clarke is a man with vast experience inside the U.S.
space program. He has worked for 28 years at the Jet Propul-
sion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, as an engineer, scien-
tist and technical manager on the Mariner Venus/ Mercury,
Voyager, and Galileo space missions.
The following excerpt is taken from several conversations
we have had over the years, starting in 1982, through the early
months of 1998.
259260
Jon Rappoport
In 1978, you lectured in front of a group of builders, construction
people.
Yes. I told them about orbiting hotels.
As a dream?
As a reality by the end of the 20th century.
Is this true?
Of course. The technology is there. These men were exhila-
rated to the nth degree by the prospect of working on a
program like that. The first popular move into space. I mean,
their feeling was so high it was incredible.
People are inspired by space.
When the Pathfinder mission landed on Mars, do you
know how many hits they got on their website?
No.
A billion. One billion.
This takes me back to the lines around the block in the 70s when Star
Wars first appeared. A friend of mine went to the opening of the film
on Hollywood Boulevard, the first day, the first morning, at 11 a.m.,
on a weekday. The place was packed, and she said that the instant the
large print began rolling on the screen — "Ina galaxy far, far away”
— aroar began building in the theater. No one had seen a frame of the
movie, and a collective roar started and kept going all through the
credits.
The politicians won’t take the hint. They’re too worried
about the length of their term in office. They only want to
fund space projects that come to fruition during the time
period of their terms.
No reliance on imagination.
It’s a tragedy.
What gets me is, a real space program could mean full employment,
and not just in this country.
No one fully grasps the extent of what a real space
program would be, but you’re right. You’re absolutely right.
Here’s a real commitment to space. You build a domed city
every thirty or forty years. You take a space platform out to
the asteroid belt, and you use materials there to build theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
261
city. Many, many people have the experience of contributing
to this. It takes several trips out and back to build each city.
Let’s call it ten thousand people — they are the final number
to take off.
Take off where?
With gravity assists, you can get outside the solar system.
You direct each city to a system like Bernard’s Star, where
we think there is a planet. Every thirty years, we send out a
domed city with ten thousand people on it. Self-sufficient.
We send fifty cities in all.
Is there a stated purpose to the mission?
Damn right. To rendezvous at Bernard’s Star, at that system,
around the same planet, and compare notes on the evolution
of, say, fifty societies.
How long would the trip take?
About ten thousand years. That’s a space program! Do
you understand? Not a shuttle going around the planet.
Nothing wrong with that, but the reason it’s a winner in the
NASA sweepstakes has to do with the politicians again.
They’re scared to fund anything you have to wait a long,
long time for, to see results.
Ten thousand years? That’s fantastic.
Isn't it?
And it’s doable?
We can do that. It’s reachable.
You're talking about space as the ultimate diversifier.
Sure. You get many, many societies operating on their own.
This isn’t a monolith.
It decentralizes.
The broom sweeps clean. No way you can pre-determine
what a domed city is going to evolve into in ten thousand
years. Some of them will fall under the influence of lunatic
dictators. But for how long? And what about the others?
You feel we're potentially in a renaissance. That’s a word you use.
Yes. What do you call it when every citizen is inspired by262
Jon Rappoport
great dreams like this, when the implementation of those
dreams means full employment and full-on excitement at
the level of the mind? This is what I’m talking about.
And it breaks the stranglehold of being held under the sway of one
way, one central theme, one giant bureaucracy.
No question about it. And we can do it.
You've mentioned an article in the Michigan Quarterly Review ...
Yes, in 1979. Spring. Stanley Rosen compiled the quotations
and experiences of some of the American astronauts who
went into space. A surprising number of them had profound
transformative experiences. Mitchell, Irwin, Harrison Schmitt,
the last man to be on the moon. You see, a lot of the astronauts
came back changed. They had seen the Earth from space. It
was like a spiritual awakening. Or, if you don’t like that lan-
guage, call it a psychological shift of great proportions. They
felt a great desire to eradicate the false differences between
people, to unify the planet in a true way, to end the stupidity
of war. Just for starters.
Are you saying that this is what many civilians would go through if
they took a week off and traveled to an orbiting hotel?
That’s what I’m saying. And they wouldn’t just sit on it
when they returned. They’d spread the word ...7/
In my mind, I pair up Paul Glover and Stephen Dunifer.
They are both innovators squarely in the Tradition of Imagi-
nation. Dunifer opened Free Radio Berkeley on April 11th,
1993, a 24-hour-a-day local station dedicated to the First
Amendment and issues of community concern.
This is a microwatt FM station, which jousts with an
ambiguous FCC regulation concerning licensing of stations
under 100 watts. The FCC apparently never thought anyone
would open a sub-100 station, so they didn’t extend their
control over such stations — Dunifer and his co-workers
simply slipped onto the FM dial between already existing
programming.
You can buy equipment which makes it possible for any
person to start his own radio station for under $1000 — and
cover the area of a small city.
Multiplication and diversification of realities.
Decentralization of information, to the maximum.
In 1997 there are hundreds of microwatt stations burgeon-
ing all over the country. Sensitive political issues, among
others, are explored at a depth impossible on conventional
radio or television.
In 1996 I was interviewed twice by a coastal California
microwatt station, and in those five hours I spoke about the
pharmaceutical /medical monopoly, its abuses, its toxic
drugs, with a specificity impossible on 99.99% of American
radio.
Dunifer is currently in court with the FCC, which is trying
to shut him down on behalf of the federal government. The
case has dragged on for a year and a half.
Meanwhile, the proliferation of microwatt radio is making
it harder and harder for the federal government, even with a
263264
Jon Rappoport
favorable court ruling, to take major action against these
broadcasters.
CBS. NBC. ABC. CNN. They stand for a basic centraliza-
tion of information. Their hegemony is fading from a new
threat which could truly shred the whole corporate system
of info-control in the U.S.
Do some of these microwatt stations, in their provincial-
ism, in their anti-human attitudes, broadcast falsehoods, do
they sometimes represent offensive points of view? Of course.
Which is worse, that or the death of freedom?
Paul Glover once formed a group in Los Angeles called
Citizen Planners, which as a model constructed blueprints
to show how a square block in the Boyle Heights district could
be completely recycled and rebuilt to provide free food to
residents, community spaces, no cars, cleaner air. Now, in
Ithaca, New York, he has founded a private money system
called Ithaca Hours. After several years, 350 businesses, sev-
eral thousand individuals, a bank and a hospital are accepting
the paper money of Ithaca Hours. Fifty-two spin-off systems
around North America have taken Glover's start-up kit and
begun their own private money systems.
Several years ago I asked Glover how he himself uses this
non-federal paper money.
“For example, I pay my rent with it. My landlord takes it
and gives it to two carpenters who build additions on to his
properties. The carpenters could pass it along to local farmers
for produce, and so on...”
Aside from existing as independent from the U.S. Depart-
ment of Treasury and the Federal Reserve, local currency, as
it’s called generically, seems to have a profound psychological
effect on some people. It helps them change their work to
something closer to the heart. They plug into a local group
of friendly people who will be more prone to pay for their
service or product.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
265
Paul Glover Interview
You’ve invented a system of money called Ithaca Hours. How did that
happen?
I quit watching television in 1969, so unofficial ideas
occur to me. But the existence of the system is to the credit of
the thousands of participants who have explained it to one
another and who have earned and spent it [Ithaca money].
They are the pioneers.
Your bills, the money itself, are called Hours.
Yes. One Hour equals one hour of basic labor. Professionals
are entitled to charge multiple Hours per hour, but this rein-
forces the idea that everyone’s hour of labor has at least a
minimum dignity.
Give me an idea of the range of professions and businesses that have
signed on to the system, that use the money.
Over 2000 individuals have earned Hours, and 350
businesses accept Hours, including a bank, movie theaters,
bowling alley, restaurants, health clubs, and even the hospital.
I take it this money is not backed up by gold or silver. How do you
decide when to print more of it — and how much to print?
U.S. money has not been backed by gold since 1933 nor
by silver since 1969. We print Hours as we need more of them
for disbursement ... issuance of Hours must be systematic
and fair, reflecting the quantity and variety of goods and
services that Hours will buy.
What does the U.S. Department of Treasury have to say about the
existence of this money?
They and the IRS, FBI, Secret Service have all been
contacted by the media, and have repeatedly said there is no
prohibition on private paper money as long as it does not
look like dollars, as long as it is regarded as taxable income,
and as long as the smallest denomination has at least $1.00
value.
What keeps you from lining your pockets with Ithaca Hours?
I’ve lived here since 1953, and many of the Hour users
are friends of mine.266
Jon Rappoport
From reading the newspaper you put out, it seems that some people
see Ithaca Hours as a chance to do what they’ve always dreamed of all
their lives. Why does this system of money liberate them?
[Conventional] bank loans are available at interest, only
in large quantities, for narrowly defined practical projects.
This money [Hours] is lent without interest charges, and new
businesses find a ready pool of customers who have discre-
tionary local money to spend.
Ithaca Hours does increase local commerce. This includes farmers.
Food is our directory’s largest category. At the Farmer’s
Market, 55 of 100 vendors accept Hours ... [which] stay in
our region to help us hire each other. While dollars make us
increasingly dependent on transnational corporations and
bankers, Hours reinforce community trading and expand
commerce which is more accountable to our concerns for
ecology and social justice ... The Success Stories of 300 partici-
pants published so far [in the Ithaca Money newspaper] testify
to the acts of generosity and community that our system
prompts. We’re making a community while making a living.
As we do so, we relieve the social desperation which has led
to compulsive shopping and wasted resources.
Ithaca Hours can be reached at Box 6578, Ithaca, New York,
14851, or by e-mail at hours@lightlink.com.78
The Formula of the
Secret Society
There is a principle that has arisen in global politics,
particularly over the last fifty years. It is inclusion, inclusion
of all points of view. But with a catch. Through non-
confrontational negotiation, through finding what the other
person wants, or will settle for, an appearance of success can
be attained.
This appearance is art, and it is one of the major created
spaces of the global elite which the public is enticed into
accepting and inhabiting.
In this way, for example, international interests can
converge on the Dominican Republic and simulate the
coming of democracy to that troubled country. In Panama, a
mirage can be created in which colonial interests seem to
recede in favor of “home rule.” To a degree, the same can be
said about South Africa. But in these and many other cases,
the underlying economic game holds the fort. The multi-
national corporate power remains intact, and the more
“progressive” home government — which may put in place
a soft version of the First Amendment, which may permit a
variety of political parties — nevertheless assures a very
low minimum wage, incredible tax-free havens for foreign
businesses, and carte blanche to the multinationals to grab
mineral rights, dig up the land, and pollute it to the hilt.
This softer approach has proven to work in many cases.
It is the policy of the Trilateral Commission.
It is what they urge in all cases.
267268
Jon Rappoport
After all, given enough time, with attrition, some opposi-
tion rebel leaders within a Third World country can be bought
off, or can be bought off to a degree, and if the diamonds
and the gold and the oil are still being dug up and processed
and sold by the same elite corporations, does anyone really
care?
This Trilateralist policy, of course, does not preclude the use
of force when necessary, but it pushes it back on the agenda.
As our technological age shrinks the planet and dissolves
barriers, another factor emerges. Warring political and
economic elites begin, gradually, to discover common
interests.
A process repeats itself over and over. I call it upward
funneling.
Iam simplifying and distorting, but here is how
it is played. Ten powers try to steal and chew on and own
the same piece of valuable meat. From this struggle, three
winners emerge, and they are funneled upward in the power
stream. Somewhat bloodied and dazed, they look around
and see a higher level of atmosphere, of sky, and they also
see one another. They soon concur that there is no point
having another battle, because, come to think of it, the poten-
tial spoils are so great down below that they can join up and
share them.
Not only that, but way out there is another group of corpo-
rate dogs which is slathering and looking for meat. A battle
will sooner or later take place at that level. Why not
strengthen the group at home before launching out to take
on this tough foe?
And then the next fight does take place, and from that
one, two dogs emerge victorious, and they are funneled even
higher in the power stream, and from their new elite skypost
they see a larger territory of potential exploitation, and they
see each other. Why go for the throat now? Why not join
up ...?
Upward funneling — and then pretended inclusion of
lesser opponents — as time passes, as the planet shrinks,
becomes the order of the day.
This is the game.
Greater territory owned by fewer and fewer.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
269
Is this is a conspiracy? Does it involve front groups and
alter egos and deception and betrayal and so on?
Of course.
Only a senseless idiot would fail to notice that.
But it has an organic aspect, it evolves out of conflict and
out of cooperation.
The groups who are the emerging controllers become more
clearly defined over time. And their methods become more
refined, more deft.
In this light, consider my comments on a continuing Nazi
agenda. At first glance, the existence of such a thing appears
to linger, if at all, on the outer margins of power and society
— or only in the secret labs and halls of military intelligence
operations. And perhaps that is its position. But over time,
the process of conflict and cooperation brings more and more
power toward the center, and sooner or later, many players
see that there is much to be won by working together. Why
let ideology cause permanent rifts?
So even that “far-out” sinister despicable Nazi power can
be brought into the fold of major players. Not without enmity,
not without conflict — but in time, it is possible.
And what is the art, aside from the inclusion-scenario,
that assures major players gain concealed control over more
and more lives?
No vast ritual is needed here. No fresco-ceilings, no tall
fish-hats, no satin robes. In fact, just the opposite art has
occurred. A minimalism. It is blandness that takes over; that
is the art-form. Respectability. Legitimacy.
These are the foundations of the art of the evolving secret
society — whose agenda of control remains the same.
Not cathedrals and wafers and wine for blood and
cherubim, but instead invocations of human rights and free
elections and adequate medical care, and Capitol Hill and
the State Department and being interviewed on Meet the
Press, good lighting, well-tailored suits, sponsorship by
well-known multinationals ...
It seems to be simple, but remember, it wasn’t until a
hundred years ago that industrialism, a middle-class, and
bureaucracies began to swim into view together in this world.270
Jon Rappoport
All that set the stage for an elite that could play peek-a-boo
behind the columns of respectability. Until then, there wasn’t
quite the combination of a business-government clique and
a large audience living above the dire poverty line.
Thailand. Malaysia. South Korea. Indonesia. Almost
unprobed in the press, a virtual takeover of these countries
is occurring. In what sense? Their economies are not simply
being bailed out by the International Monetary Fund and
the World Bank. They are being hijacked after a long period
of punishment through manipulations of money markets —
which has helped cause their financial viability to quiver on
the edge of disaster.
Is that too strong an assessment? Is that too conspiratorial
a judgment?
Perhaps it is.
Let’s imagine the reality is 30% of what I’ve just asserted.
Even in that case, we are witnessing a strong trend, and it
will continue over time, as these nations are brought into the
center of the financial network that envelops global trade
and foreign investments. These Asian countries will not be
permitted to exist arrogantly on the edge. The key is supra-
nationalism. Elite international economics rests on
the premise of corporate structures that supersede national
loyalties.
“Swim in our ocean or die.”
If you were to say, “Well, there are financial forces outside
this global machination,” I would not disagree. But again,
my point is, over time, those forces and these forces and the
other forces over the hill will come into conflict and upward
funneling will take place and the winners will ultimately
work out their differences, and behind the art of respectability
and blandness and “concern for human beings,” they will
emerge stronger and in more control than ever.
That is the awareness that has long ago taken hold among
the major players of the major elites.
How far might this control go? At the extreme?
It might go into engineered genes and into the serious
tinkering with neurotransmitters and synapses of the brain.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
271
Oh, you say, the idea of that level of control is absurd.
All right, I'll agree with you, just for the sake of argument.
Today. But what about tomorrow? Still absurd? What about
ten years, twenty years, fifty years from now? Still absurd?
Think about it.
The outcome is not decided.
The game is afoot.19
Experimentation is part of the reason for the creativity of
humans. This is a bottom-line activity of the human spirit.
The invention of the United States was taken by the
founders to be an experiment in freedom, and, to the extent
that freedom was truly built into the system, it was and is
such an experiment.
The invention of a religion has always been viewed by its
founders as experimental. Will good fortune come to believers
who worship in a particular way? And later on, will the
religion “allow” its founders and their minions to control
large numbers of minds?
A company, a business is an experiment which is created
along a certain pattern. Will it work? Will profit be made
and maintained?
There are experimental shadings in a marriage, a family,
a home.
Think of the thousands of communities, large and small,
which have been created by humans since the dawn of time
on this planet. Each one was a test, an experiment.
We must face the fact that, along with creation, invention,
there is always the aspect of experimentation. It is a basic
impulse of a soul — to see what happens when he/she creates
a certain thing. A whole life can be seen in this way.
“What will happen if I live this way and take on these
traits and invent these circumstances?”
Of course we tend to assume that our choices are forced
by external events into a particular series of shapes, but there
is another level at which that is not the case at all.
We must come to grips with the fact that the imagination
has an infinite range of inventions it can bring about, at its
own choice and desire and whim.
272The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
273
We must also accept that many of these imaginative poten-
tials are on what we would call the dark side of life. In other
words, experimentations which would involve the destruction
of certain realities which are held to be inviolate, the breakup
of which would cause pain.
It is in art where such events can be experienced without
interfering with other people’s freedom. A war of great
devastation is not necessary. A surrealist painter like Max
Ernst can bring variant set-pieces of reality into clashes and
conflicts and meetings at a level far deeper than any high-
altitude bombing over a major city can. And the meaning of
his painting is soaked through with more profound effects
for consciousness to consider. It is in art that emotion can be
expressed and portrayed and felt in both its purest and most
multiple ways.
As always, imagination and its expressions hold the key.
Now pretend you are a controller.
Pretend you are one of those shadowy figures who,
behind the scenes, collaborates with like-minded manipula-
tors to stage wars, take over the finances of nations, maintain
poverty and derail progress in countries “not slated” for
significant economic participation in the world community.
This is your creation. This is your level of invention.
Well, there is always a reason for creation. The soul doing
it at least suspects he will like the outcome, will find out some-
thing from the outcome, will explore new territory with the
outcome.
But after thirty or forty years of being a controller, what
do you get from the creation of pain for others? You get control.
It comes back to you over and over. You get more and more
clues about what it is like to live in a world of people who
are controlled, who are robotic, who are at your call.
What is the end of this kind of creation?
At what point do you begin to see where it is all going?
When do you decide that you have found out enough
about that?
When do you begin to open up your imagination to other
worlds, worlds, say, of abundance and freedom?274
Jon Rappoport
The controller, at one level, is dumber than what he takes
to be the dumbest beast. At that level, his imagination does
not take flight into constructing possible realities in which
non-control, diversity, freedom, the flourishing of art all bring
about a different world.
At that level, he is the very kind of crude boor he says he
abhors and must control.PART SIX
Further reflections on the
Tradition of Imagination
and
the
Formula of the Secret Society80
Hello, Richard Jenkins.
What I’m about to write gives credence, finally, to what
he said to me: that history has a lineage of healing that is not
based on a single method. Yet is a tradition.
Here it is.
In the book Rolling Thunder, the now-famous American
Indian medicine man of the same name tells the author, Doug
Boyd, about how healing works.
“T want to warn you,” he says, “not to copy me, but work
out your own method. Our people tell us to be original. If
you can watch the method, though, and the way I go about
it, maybe that would give you some thoughts about what to
follow, what it’s all about. Then you work out your own
substance, your own songs, your own prayers and things go
with it. It’s not good to copy.”
This is Jenkins to the hilt.
When I discovered this quote by Rolling Thunder, I real-
ized that The Tradition of Imagination had been alive in
Native Americans — which possibly means indigenous
people from the tip of Alaska to Tierra del Fuego. In other
words, among some but not all, healing was taught as Rolling
Thunder describes it: watch me, see what you see, don’t
model yourself after me, find your own way, be spontaneous,
be an artist.
Time and time again throughout my life, the discovery of
people who operate in this way has driven me out into the
realm of imagination, when I had been feeling, for a time,
that everything was down pat, the framework and the rules
and the guidelines were all in place, and life was a trip on a
train along the already built rails.
What are we to think when suddenly it becomes possible
276The Secret Behind
that
Secret Societies
277
a whole continent — two, in fact — have contained,
for perhaps fifteen thousand years, a people among whom
a highly individual form of healing-creation has been
practiced? A non-system.
We are to think this: there are many areas on this Earth
where the Tradition of Imagination has been overlooked and
left out of the history books. There are many instances of the
Tradition which, if recognized at all, have been left as isolated
cases — and not hooked up together.
So what?
So this: the true picture would give us a wholly different
past and a different feeling and assessment of the human
core and the human life.81
Today I saw a four-minute film never promoted by NASA.
It was taken by the Galileo craft during a one-day period
starting at six in the morning on December 11th, 1990. At the
time, the spacecraft was 1.3 million miles out from Earth and
moving away. What you see, for several minutes, is unprec-
edented. The Earth actually turning below the craft. Rotating
around its own axis. Why did NASA refuse or neglect to
promote this film to the public? After discussing the ques-
tion with Galileo scientist Ted Clarke, who was at a loss to
explain it, I came to the conclusion that this film has been
kept out of sight because it might trigger too much imagina-
tion, too much wild surmise, too much hope.
The more times you watch this film, the more marvelous
it gets. Not just the storms, or the rust shape of Australia
appearing to jut out from the blue and white background,
but the blue and white itself, the wraparound muscular
energy of the Earth, showing up in whorls and shoulders
and vortexes as the rotation goes on.
The little dried-out nasal skeptics of this world, who sell
their souls for the chance to snap at the heels of any human
with real adventure on his mind, will try to make rules that
keep spontaneous life from appearing without notice.
But they will fail. They will definitely fail.
I asked Ted Clarke why he put out so much effort to get
this film made to begin with, against so much lethargy and
opposition of officials.
“Because I wanted people to dream,” he said.
27882
That there is no history of an event may, in the long run,
prove to be more important than everything we can find
buried in the stones of the past.
That’s certainly the case with the implications of Rolling
Thunder’s message.
Let me give you another example which, by this time,
should have an impact.
There is a set of monk-dug caves in northwest China called
Dunhuang. Some of the greatest painting yet produced by
humans is contained in the hundreds of rooms of those caves.
460 rooms remain from perhaps an original thousand, after
the wear and tear of Gobi desert sand, centuries of it.
The Buddhist painting and sculpture at Dunhuang was
done by outside artists and, in some cases, by resident monks.
The work, begun in 360 CE, spanned ten centuries and several
dynasties. The middle Tang is considered by most scholars
the major epoch of Dunhuang.
What was the daily life like in the communities of these
artists, from generation to generation, during which time 2000
statues of Buddha and 50,000 square meters of mural-painting
were made? By daily life I don’t mean the meals and the
laundry and the divisions of labor. I mean the making of great
art, on the spot?
A major Chinese scholar at UCLA, to whom I directed
this question, said, “That’s very interesting.” In other words,
no one to his knowledge had taken up that matter.
Blind spot of enormous proportions.
Dunhuang may be the longest-lived artistic community
in the history of Earth. Add to that the fact that the quality of
the work there was, at times, breathtaking by any standard
— perhaps even equal in moments to the floating paradises
279280
Jon Rappoport
of Piero della Francesca.
Although religion was the motive force behind the work,
that was clearly left far behind by some artists — just as was
the case in the Italian and Dutch and German Renaissance
periods.
This being so, how did creation, imagination itself move
to the fore within these endless caves, within these stone
rooms, many of which were cramped and dark?
Dunhuang was one of the major events in the history of
humankind. From decade to decade, wall-painting, sculpture
carved into the walls, and walls cut out into sculpture and
painted transformed that dark universe.
The Getty Conservation Institute has recently been doing
some research and excellent preservation there, but I have
heard nothing about an attempt to plumb the collective life
of the greatest artists who spent time at Dunhuang.
For a parallel, imagine that waves of most of the recog-
nized painters and sculptors of every stripe in America —
and many unknown artists — traveled to New Mexico and
lived for a thousand years painting and carving the insides
of mountains.
When history leaves a gigantic hole, when history arranges
its priorities so that such holes are left, we realize, by degrees,
the unspoken truth.
What was not reported, what was ignored, was buried, in
the long run, because we could not muster the perspective
from which to see how vital it was — and is.
How do we speak about the overlapping personal orbits
of brilliant Chinese artists who lived at Dunhuang at the same
time, when it doesn’t even occur to us that such a subject or
“category of interest” could exist?
And how can we then think that human creation and
imagination have really been reported?
We know that, by their omission, we are admitting to their
vast thunder.83
In the 21st century, the challenge will be to decentralize
reality. If every human could rise to the level of harnessing
his/her imagination at ten percent of peak power, at five
percent of peak power, the lives of all of us would change
radically. We would begin to truly live. A “spontaneity of
time” would occur. We would naturally and creatively, in
many different ways, shed our attachments to the Central
Machine of civilization. That Machine, as part of its guts, feeds
its singular reality, so to speak, for massive consumption. If
we all stopped eating that, controlling us would be impossible.
28184
The secret behind secret societies and cults and hierarchi-
cal religions is the artistic creation of a universe which is then
frozen for mass consumption.
The pressure of major elites, in government, in war, in
power-struggles, involves the slowing down of the imagina-
tion so that a central mural about reality can be set in concrete.
From it, an agenda can be spun off. The agenda inevitably
involves control of large numbers of people. Why inevitably?
Because the slowing down of the imagination and the solidifi-
cation of a pre-defined universe for the masses already point
in that direction.
28285
There is no way around it. A true collective evolution of
humankind cannot be engineered by a trick of mass hypnosis
or mass spiritual uplift or mass revelation. No, what is neces-
sary is the liberation, for each individual, by each individual,
of his own imagination to greater and greater degrees of
power.
28386
Monopolies work only when imaginations are sleeping.
But a better world is only the beginning. People fall back
on Authority time and time again when their own exploration
of creativity, invention, imagination is not enough to sustain
them, is too daunting, is too simplistic. We need to overcome
that and take the full ride.
28487
What might a page torn out of a teacher’s notebook from
the year 2020 look like?
“From 9 to 10 today I took the six-year olds out to the
park to continue the becoming exercises. Becoming a tree.
Merge your mind with the tree. Then think like the tree. Look
at the park as if you were the tree ... This exercise is now in
its third year with this group. Three students are describing
very clearly out-of-body experiences. They are detailing land-
scapes at some distance from the park.
“From 1 to 2 the six-year-olds invented dreams for each
other, working in triads. From 2 to 3 they focused on creating
in their minds new worlds, new inventions and societies on
this planet. This latter exercise they have been doing for a
year now. Some of their creations are quite detailed.
“From 3 to 4 the after-school volunteer group of 15-year
olds continued their individual work creating, for lack of
a better word, ‘deities,’ beings who have great scope and
consciousness. This is an ongoing exercise with this group.
It is in its fourth year. The beings created tend to pass on
wisdom and to exude great energy and happiness. We alter-
nate periods of creating these beings and getting rid of them
— so that attachments don’t grow too strong, and also so the
students feel first-hand that they can deal in any way they
want to with the products of their own imaginations.
“Our weekend volunteers are concentrating on paranormal
work. We have twelve children who regularly demonstrate
telepathy among themselves, move physical objects with
their minds. Two children have materialized small objects in
full view of the other students in the class, and on videotape.
“Tt is important to note that these capacities, as time passes,
become more and more stable. The children themselves are
285286
Jon Rappoport
beyond stability. They are very happy, in general, and they
have enlarged their sense of adventure because they feel they
are on a fantastic journey.
“IT would also add that some children, in their work, seem
to encounter, from time to time, other beings who do not have
bodies, or who have energy bodies. As these experiences
accumulate, the students can more clearly differentiate between
what they themselves are creating and what they are encoun-
tering that is already there. These non-physical beings are
not treated as masters or Gods. They are appraised and com-
municated with as souls who are in different form and space.
“Fixation upon mythical names and descriptions of non-
physical beings has long ago faded away, in the light of real
experience, to which creativity seems to be the key.
“Group work, for example, on imaginatively constructing
so-called entities like God and Satan brought out and dispelled
a certain amount of fear and confusion and dissolved, on
occasion, into uproarious laughter. These stock entities are if
anything ‘fun things’ for the children now, like pets or fairy-
tale characters.
“The children are, all in all, amazingly confident. This, I
believe, is because they can create realities, and that changes
everything.
“Another of our weekend projects, initiated by several
older students, involves what they call world-invention. This
has several levels. There is an ongoing study of available and
soon-to-be available technology. For instance, the development
of better and more portable and much cheaper energy packs
is bringing off-the-grid self-sufficient living into sharper and
sharper focus for more people on the planet. The weekend
group considers this vital, and they want to speed this process
along. Their thinking is that independence in living enables
people to focus on their own untapped capacities. Such
independence is, of course, already making serious changes
in government and corporate life in every country of the
world. The group feels that as long as major technology can
be produced at the individual level, every person will have
sufficient leverage to make a life without the need to depend
on a huge centralized government-corporate-media Machine.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
287
“As we all know, many groups around the world are
working on non-polluting energy technologies. The demise
of the oil stranglehold on society was seen to be the result of
a breakdown in an elite program to monopolize fuel. As cold
fusion and hydrogen technologies came to the fore so quickly,
the stranglehold was essentially squashed, although the elite
tend to maintain an attitude of, if we can’t own the farm we'll
burn it down. They should be attending school with my three-
year olds.
“The world-invention project has many aspects, and the
weekend group is already linking up with groups in the U.S.
and other countries.
“Of course there are people taking an old-fashioned posi-
tion, attacking us for what we are doing. They claim all sorts
of dire consequences will result. They don’t really know the
first thing about what we are up to. We have voluminous
reports on what has happened since we placed the imagina-
tion at the center of education in a really serious way — for
the first time in history. Since the academic performance
scores of these children are through the top, and since by
any psychological measure they are simply tremendous
people, we are on remarkably firm ground.
“T have to emphasize that this is not a program for placing
certain images in students’ minds. That is the furthest thing
from our objective. That is in fact an old view of imagination.
A backwards lunacy.
“We have been approached by the military to work with
them in training their personnel. They want to use creativity
as a weapon in war. ‘Psychic warfare.’ We turn down every
such request, and we always will ...”8S
The Tradition of Imagination
Twenty years ago, while working as a tutor and a minor
administrator at Santa Monica College, in Santa Monica, Cali-
fornia, I proposed two plans to the College. One was very
informal, and the discussions never came to the official level.
I wanted to see the College utilize the good weather of South-
ern California and become a world-class center for alternative
energies, starting with solar.
I wanted to see many of the buildings of the College trans-
ferred over to state-of-the-art solar. The instructors in that
subject would have students crawling up inside the buildings
and seeing first-hand how such a system could operate.
But that would just be the beginning. Ozonated water
systems replacing toxic chlorine, wind-power demonstration
projects, solar-powered College vehicles, urban organic
gardens, alternative fuels for cars, including the controversial
but workable H 20 — global conferences on energy held at
the College, a center for alternative energy established featuring
reliable and unbiased testing of alternative fuels.
As I say, that conversation never rose to the official level.
I did, however, meet with the College president to discuss
another project of mine. I offered to resign my position, to be
rehired as a consultant on art. My job would be to visit the
local studios of painters and sculptors and secure their work
on loan and consignment, to be hung on the miles of bare
corridor and office wall-space at the College — on a rotating
basis, with new shows every month. In that way, struggling
artists would gain recognition, their work would be seen and
bought, the College would be saturated with art, and a new
288The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
289
community spirit would take shape.
I was told that the insurance premiums for such a project
were prohibitive. I felt that behind the president’s objection
was a distaste for allowing anyone else to re-shape the College
atmosphere. The controller didn’t want to relinquish control.
Some years later, during a lecture in Santa Monica, I used
this story as an example of missed opportunities. It suddenly
struck me that I was literally looking at a hole in space and
time, a place where a different reality could have entered
and generated several new futures. The image of the hole
was exceptionally vivid.
Reality is malleable. There are an infinite number of places
in which a new seed-reality can be inserted.
This fact should be the entire basis for education.
Not the prevailing policies of insurance companies.89
There are those people who are opposed to free creativity,
to wide-ranging imagination, to the development of the power
of the imagination as a fundamental capacity of the human
being.
They are particularly opposed to placing such capacities
directly under the control of the person who has them and
not in some external agency. These people speak of dangers,
and of course to them the biggest danger is freedom.
We should recall that the most oppressive regimes of the
20th century, when it comes to art, were the Nazis and the
Soviets. They characterized creation as something that
needed to be legitimized by deriving from an ideology.
Social Darwinism, Freud, Marx, and most religions of this
century say or imply that the imagination is rooted in a
tainted impulse, whether that be the need for tooth-and-nail
survival, a clinical neurosis, bourgeois leisure, Satanic
influence, or an unhealthy appetite for excessive freedom.
These are all expressions of fear.
In particular, I have found some Christians who automati-
cally associate imagination with Satan, under the rubric of:
an idle mind is asking to be captured.
I categorize all efforts to discredit imagination ultimately
in this way: the discreditors have never truly developed their
own imaginations in a free atmosphere, and they have no
confidence in that hidden core of themselves.
Opponents have said or implied that freedom as an experi-
ment has failed because it was responsible for, among other
things, the holocausts in which slaves were brought to the
New World from Africa, Jews were killed in the ovens of
Auschwitz, the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima,
the environment has been decimated by big corporations,
290The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
291
the ownership of guns has proliferated in industrialized
countries. Since freedom caused these conditions, it must be
abandoned and we must substitute for it a communal sense,
a community-feeling. Individual freedom must be phased
out. And since that is the case, we must throw out wide-
ranging creativity as well, because, after all, creativity is part
of freedom.
That is a pose of being against the imagination, and it is
based ultimately on fear.
Freedom, power, and imagination are three qualities or
aspects that feed into one another, and they are the irreducible
core of what a human being is. No one knows what the limit
of the imagination is when all three aspects are present. Our
choice is this: we can deny and subvert these core-essences
in the coming century and substitute a mechanical model of
humans, in which case our world collapses and becomes a
slave planet. Or we can take courage and go to the heart of
the issue, and build a society on what we are.90
There is an extraordinary quantity of brain research in
science journals covering the past fifty years.
The premise of some of this research is that areas of the
brain or chemicals of the brain are responsible for controlling
behavior and emotions and thoughts.
As the years pass, for many people distinctions between
“brain” and “mind” seem academic and absurd and petty.
In fact, that arena of discussion will influence to an alarm-
ing degree the shape of our planet in the next twenty years,
and from then on.
The slippery slope goes this way: if the brain is the mind,
then thought can be managed by making physical and chemi-
cal changes in the brain. Therefore you and I can be “taught”
to think in certain ways and to avoid thinking in other ways.
There is a further implication. If the brain is the mind,
then we already are thinking in predetermined ways. The
brain unfurls, at any given moment, a chemical blanket which
gives rise to thoughts and feelings and we follow, like dogs
after bones, what those thoughts and feelings imply in the
way of action.
And if this is so, then what we take to be our imagination,
our creativity, is another “outcome” of the brain’s state.
Nothing to get inspired about. A delusion, really.
But if mind is something separate from the brain, if itis a
word we use to label a landscape of thoughts and feelings and
imaginative creations which we can manufacture, as it were,
and amplify or dampen or discard or recall and press back
into service — if the mind is really a series of infinite spaces
in which we can create what we choose, then we are not
merely atoms and electrons and quarks to be experimented
on, we are artists who, perhaps through inattention and
292The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
293
self-fogging, have misplaced our true position in the scheme
of things.
Research which seeks to alter brain states can and will
affect us mightily, because we are inside and outside and
around our bodies and we aren’t ready to maintain that
residence while dealing with massive tranquilizing effects or
sudden re-wirings. We need healthy brains.
It is unsettling, to say the least, that brain researchers as a
group do not believe that the mind is beyond the brain. They
proudly wallow in the certainty that their sense of self, their
moment-to-moment awareness of color and thrill and days
and nights and music and admirations and respects and the
infinite rest of it emanate as projections of brain chemistry.
As if that were possible. That is like thinking that a waterbug
on a small rock in the Mississippi River can make the River.
The Tradition of Imagination doesn’t need Lilliputians
sticking needles in brains.
Here is a 1937 quote from Nobel Laureate in physiology
and medicine, Albert Szent-Gyorgyi:
“In my search for the secret of life, Iended up with atoms
and electrons, which have no life at all. Somewhere along
the line, life has run out through my fingers. So, in my old
age,
lam now retracing my steps ...”
And then there is a statement from Leonardo da Vinci:
“If the painter wishes to see beauties that would enrapture
him, he is a master of their production, and if he wishes to
see monstrous things which might terrify or which would
be buffoonish and laughable or truly pitiable, he is their lord
and god ... In fact, therefore, whatever there is in the universe
through essence, presence or imagination, he has it first in
his mind and then in his hands ...”
Now, it may be possible through the administration of
enough brain-affecting drugs, such as, say, Thorazine, to make
it not occur to Leonardo to think that thought of his — and
perhaps after radical brain surgery or by the manipulation of
synapses, the great master might not want to paint anymore.
He might want to become a dog. But that does not mean that
the brain is the mind. It simply means that by enough294
Jon Rappoport
coercion, a soul called Leonardo occupying his body can be
shunted off into strange gestalts and closets of feeling.
Even if the degree of brain manipulation, through lasers
or chemicals that selectively affect cells, is refined, the fact
that it can “change the thoughts of a person” in no way
implies that the brain is the mind. Anyone can change
thoughts by administering minute amounts of toxic substances
to the bloodstream.
What is left out of this whole equation is the fact that the
mind is part of an embrace, a dance, an adventure in which
you take up the existence you find here, in the physical world,
and what comes with it: a body, a brain, certain feelings, and
so on. Naturally, a scientist can devise ways to prod a tiny
piece of that embrace and cause a ripple. But that does not
mean that the mind is a brain and life is only atomic particles.
It means nothing of the kind.
Iam not talking about a remote specialty tucked away in
small labs of universities. When I say brain research, Iam
talking about — along with gene manipulation — the obses-
sion of the coming century. I am talking about a long slow
rain of thinking among scientific elites that, more and more,
life appears to be nothing but process carried on by particles
in which no one is at home. There is no you, there is only
electrical impulse and chemistry and illusion and this sort of
thing.
To actually articulate this position and take it to its logical
conclusion makes it seem absurd. But in some form it is the
fall-back position for any researcher who tinkers with the
molecules of the brain for the purpose of control over a
human.91
The Tradition of Imagination.
Suppose this is a page torn out of the Washington Post, dated
July 1, 2037:
“Today, in a heated floor debate on Capitol Hill, Senator
Graham Ingersoll asserted that recent history has caught the
gsovernment unaware. ‘We are largely becoming a nation of
independent individuals and small groups,’ he said.
“Because of developments in energy technology,” Ingersoll
stated in a prepared message from the Progress Caucus, it is
now a given that every American can, for a nominal price,
obtain energy packs powerful enough to supply all of his or
her domestic needs for the foreseeable future.
“Not only that, but through micro-tech engineering inno-
vations of the last twenty years, infrastructure itself is now
buildable and maintainable on a local basis, by small groups
of citizens, without reference to major corporations or govern-
ment agencies. This,” Ingersoll maintained, “is the end result
of a revolution that will allow maximum individual freedom
without limiting technological progress.”
Ingersoll went to say that the old paradigm, in which large
corporate and governmental organizations oversaw progress
and protected the standard of living, was obsolete. “With the
demise of that guideline,” he said, “we have also rid ourselves
of the need to sculpt one ‘official’ flow of information to our
entire nation. In other words, realities will proliferate as never
before ...”
If such a future does come to pass, it will be because
thousands of people put their imaginations to work,
295296
Jon Rappoport
overwhelming the corporate strategy of forwarding tech-
nology that always seems to require large organizations to
implement it, to control it, to dole it out.92
Beyond the experimental sessions with Ginger, I want to
do many experiments in the realm of the Tradition of Imagina-
tion. Why? To confirm and convince, to show that human
creation has the potential for greater power and scope than
any of us would suspect.
For example, referring to an earlier citation, how does a
human being alter the location of water molecules with his
mind? Consider another well-known study, by Dr. Herbert
Benson, which showed that practitioners of certain types of
yoga/ meditation could raise body temperature with their
minds — how is this done? (See Benson, Herbert, et al. 1982.
“Body Temperature Changes during the Practice of gTum-
mo Yoga.” Nature 295 [21 Jan. 1982]: 234-236)
There are several possible answers. A person “pushes” or
“agitates” molecules (of air? of tissue?) into more intense
motion — which results in heat.
If so, then that leads to a further question. What is he
pushing the molecules with?
Is he creating a flame under the molecules? Is he manu-
facturing or inventing energy, which in turn stirs up the
molecules in question? In any case, he is the author of energy
which suddenly comes into existence. That is a staggering
assessment. In a moment, we overturn every cosmological
theory from Lucretius to Aristotle to Newton to Einstein.
Why? Because none of them admits that a human being can,
out of nothing, create energy that has the immediate charac-
teristic of affecting physical-universe matter. All views of the
universe as its own system are demolished.
All right, then. Let us suppose that a human being creates
heat with his mind by pushing already-existing molecules
297298
Jon Rappoport
with thoughts which are not energy. That view is also a disaster
for all models of the physical universe. To say that an absence
of energy stirs present energy to higher temperatures defeats
the foundation of all laws of motion. Can the absence of a
car run over a pedestrian? This prospect would cause physi-
cists and logicians to suffer psychotic episodes.
Perhaps we want to posit the existence of a “non-material
but positive mind-force created by a human being,” to make
things sound a little softer. Alas, this euphemism seems only
a thin cover for either of the paradigm-destroying scenarios
we have just described.
How about this? Sitting in my living room, I mentally
reach out into the air and take molecules of oxygen and trans-
form them into hotter oxygen and move that into a small pot
of water standing on my kitchen stove and raise its tempera-
ture by two degrees. Well, what does “transform” mean? What
does “take” mean? They also add up to creating something
from nothing or moving something with nothing.
Even quantum physics, with its sumptuous ideas about
subatomic particles coming into existence and being destroyed
on a moment to moment basis, can’t fit this “heating-up”
event of human creation into its fold, without making up
vastly bizarre tales of randomly accidental overloads of
heated particles being reborn, where just an instant ago
unheated particles were the case.
Paranormality, as shown to exist time and time again in
the laboratory, cracks the paradigms of physics wide open.
The imagination as a creative force will not be denied, and it
will make room for itself at the expense of whatever “objec-
tive” theories we have devised to explain existence.
The so-called indeterminacy principle, which has been
used by various thinkers to show that precise location of
matter is a pipedream of the past, only begins to touch on the
real situation. We do not merely alter the location of particles
of matter by the act of observing them with instruments which
emit beams of light. That is sub-kindergarten. No, we change
the position, temperature, location, shape, motion, velocity,
and character of matter. And we do it with our imaginations.
This is the story. This is the crumbling of the assertion thatThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
299
the universe, at all levels, is stolid, is repeating, is its own
entity, is our “definer.”
I find it interesting that in 99.9% of the other-planetary
UFO stories coming down the pipeline at the end of the 20th
century, we hear no wise advice from ETs to go to the well of
our imaginations and make our world and ourselves far more
marvelous. I hear nothing of this kind.
I wonder why that is. Could it be that we filter all such
“ET encounters,” on whatever level they occur, so that the
result places us in the role of wide-eyed awestruck children
under the sway of unfathomable events?
Several years ago, I was told a story about several reporters
and a scientist who went to Uganda to study the AIDS situa-
tion there. In one hospital, they saw two patients who had
been diagnosed as HIV-positive. These patients were quite
ill and the prognosis was not good. A few weeks later, a team
of researchers came through the hospital. They were doing
a study on the accuracy of HIV tests in the country. They
discovered that the two very ill patients had never been HIV-
positive. Those tests had falsely registered on other factors.
The patients were informed; two weeks later they had
completely regained their health and were discharged.
We blithely call this the placebo effect.
Scientists are rather comfortable with it. They can invoke
a passive model, a stimulus-response hypnotic model of
human process. “Varying diagnoses automatically set into
231 or health.”
But when we shift the focus to consciously chosen and
pursued imaginative creation, an uncomfortable shudder
runs through these same scientists. They do not take kindly
to the idea of the human being as undetermined agent of his
own universe. That stings. That brings in a whiff of freedom,
a situation without an anatomy. To admit this, indeed to usher
this non-formula to the forefront of the pantheon of life,
throws a giant X into the careful equation.
But there is no way around it. Behind our drive to master
the machine-age and bring yet greater machine-ages into
being, we are artists. We are doing things and operating on300
Jon Rappoport
levels beyond the capacity of our machine-serving paradigms
to offer explanations.
The Tradition of Imagination.PART SEVEN93
I believe that what people refer to as the CIA is one of the
most dangerous complex secret societies in the world. Bred
on too much money and too much secrecy, it has expanded
to resemble separate kingdoms with little or no accountability.
Since this is not a book about the CIA, I’m not going to take
on the task of exploring each one of these kingdoms.
But think about this. What do you call a group that over
the course of fifty years has been toppling regimes, training
national police forces in torture, looting S&Ls, running an
extensive mind-control superproject, helping import ex-Nazi
war criminals into America and collaborating extensively
with them, apparently assisting in the transport and importa-
tion and sale of illegal drugs, running propaganda campaigns
designed to create and exacerbate conflict among political
groups within foreign nations, exploring and funding all sorts
of university and private research into consciousness for
possible use in controlling people’s minds, paving the way
for multinational corporations to expand their operations into
foreign countries — thus considerably aiding the economic
ruination of those nations — infiltrating the American and
foreign press with significant numbers of reporters who are
compromised, who slant news, who omit vital news, who
protect the Agency from harmful exposure, who keep the
American people from knowing what is going on behind the
scenes in their own country ...
What follows now is information from an official transcript
of testimony about the CIA’s MKULTRA (mind-control
superproject).
The date is August 3, 1977. A Joint Hearing is laid on by
the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and the
Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research which is
302The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
303
under the Senate Committee on Human Resources.
The place is room 1202, Dirksen Senate Office Building,
Washington D.C..
Presiding is Senator Daniel K. Inouye, chairman of the
Select Committee on Intelligence.
The official stated object of this Hearing? “PROJECT
MKULTRA,
THE CIA’S PROGRAM
OF RESEARCH
IN BEHAV-
IORAL MODIFICATION.” This project covered a large number
of experiments whose purpose was to exercise control over
the minds of human beings through the use of drugs and
other means. As mentioned earlier, the motive for this involved
the possible programming of American agents as psycho-
logically unbreakable “robots,” and, in general, the possible
creation of mental blank slates which then could be impressed
with whatever realities were deemed important.
It is very instructive to read through this obviously selec-
tive — but still startling — one-day report on the CIA’s
activities. What is not said is ultimately more important than
what is revealed. Immediately, we hear Senator Inouye assure
one and all that “we are focusing on events [MKULTRA] that
happened over 12 or as long as 25 years ago. It should be
emphasized that the programs that are of greatest concern
have stopped ...”
In the next sentence, Inouye states, “We also need to know
and understand what is now being done by the CIA in the
field of behavioral research to be certain that no current
abuses are occurring.”
This back-and-forth theme will be repeated several times
during the August 3 testimony. “We assure America that this
horrible business has been ended ... we have no idea what
the CIA is now doing.”
Senator Kennedy follows Inouye with this bombshell:
Some 2 years ago ... [t]he Deputy Director of the CIA
revealed that over 30 universities and institutions were
involved in an “extensive testing and experimentation’
program which included covert drug tests on unwitting
citizens ‘at all social levels, high and low, native
Americans and foreign’ ... At least one death, that of
Dr. Olsen, resulted from these activities ... Perhaps most304
Jon Rappoport
disturbing of all was the fact that the extent of experi-
mentation on human
subjects was unknown.
The
records of all these activities were destroyed in January
1973, at the instruction of then CIA Director Richard
Helms ... no one — no single individual — could be
found who remembered the details, not the Director
of the CIA, who ordered the documents destroyed, not
the official responsible for the [MKULTRA] program,
nor any of his associates.
Kennedy goes on to state that one person, by filing a
Freedom of Information Act request (author John Marks),
did manage to shake loose “additional records” on MK-
ULTRA. These records, Kennedy says,
reveal a far more extensive series of experiments than
had previously been thought. Eighty-six universities
or institutions were involved ... The Central Intelligence
Agency drugged American citizens without their
knowledge or consent. It used university facilities and
personnel without their knowledge. It funded leading
researchers, often without their knowledge ... many
researchers, distinguished researchers, some of our most
outstanding members of our scientific community,
involved in this [MKULTRA research] network, now
really do not know whether they were involved or
not
...
Kennedy seems to be affecting a bit of innocence on behalf
of scientists who suspected or knew who they were working
for, whose money they were taking, but kept themselves in
ignorance.
After Kennedy, Admiral Stansfield Turner, then-current
1977 “squeaky-clean” Director of the CIA, read his prepared
statement into the record. Turner and the Committee are
clearly on friendly terms, and Turner is later praised by the
Committee for his cooperation in a “search for the truth.”
Turner begins by saying that the 1953-1964 MKULTRA
program had involved “among other things research onThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
305
drugs and behavioral modification.” He then mentions the
“drug-related death of Dr. Frank Olsen,” who in 1953, while
“a civilian employee of the Army at Fort Detrick, leaped to
his death from a hotel room window in New York City about
a week after having unwittingly consumed LSD administered
to him as an experiment at a meeting of LSD researchers
called by the CIA.” An MKULTRA victim.
Turner readily admits that the destruction of MKULTRA
files in 1973 is not the only reason the program has such a
murky past. It was CIA policy, he says, quoting a CIA report,
“to maintain no records of the planning and approval of
[MKULTRA] test programs.”
Nevertheless, some financial records have been uncovered,
and they reveal heretofore hidden information about MK-
ULTRA. There is evidence, for example, of “single subprojects
in such areas as effects of electroshock, harassment techniques
for offensive use, analysis of extrasensory perception ...”
No fewer than 39 subprojects are identified as probably
or definitely involving human testing on the behavioral effects
of drugs.
Al Brody, a long-time member of the CIA, then testifies that
he has no knowledge of the Congress ever being informed
about the existence of MKULTRA at its inception — or fund-
ing the program. There is no follow-up on this.
Senator Kennedy remarks,
Admiral Turner, this is an enormously distressing report
[in general] that you give ... an activity which took place
in the country that involved the perversion and the
corruption of many of our outstanding research centers
... [concerning research] done with American citizens
who were completely unknowing in terms of taking
various drugs, and there are perhaps any number of
Americans who are walking around today on the east
coast or west coast who were given drugs, with all the
kinds of physical and psychological damage that can
be caused.
A destructive, chaos-causing cowboy operation. This306
Jon Rappoport
August 3, 1977 Hearing impresses the reader more and more,
as it continues, with the fact that the CIA, an official govern-
ment agency, was turning its guns on and maiming American
citizens.
Under questioning, Admiral Turner tries to say that CIA
programs similar to MKULTRA — the MKSEARCH and
OFTEN and CHICKWIT programs — involved no human
experimentation. After a nudge from Senator Kennedy,
Turner admits he has not thoroughly read the history of
CHICKWIT, but it was basically a Department of Defense
project in which the CIA “participated.”
However, on page 169 of this same August 3, 1977 Hearing
report, there is a short description of MKSEARCH, OFTEN,
and CHICKWIT. They clearly involved the evaluation and
testing of “drugs and chemical compounds” at Edgewood
Arsenal Research Laboratories — compounds “believed to
have effects on the behavior of humans ...”
The final paragraph on page 169 states, “There is a discrep-
ancy between the testimony of DOD [Dept. of Defense] and
CIA regarding the testing at Edgewood Arsenal in June 1973.
While there is agreement that human testing occurred at that
place and time, there is disagreement as to who was respon-
sible for financing and sponsorship.”
This gives the lie to Senator Inouye’s opening general
assurance that the “events” under scrutiny by the Committee
“happened over 12 or as long as 25 years ago.” This hearing,
again, took place on August 3, 1977, and the human MKULTRA-
type testing at Edgewood is dated June 1973, only four years
earlier.
There is no follow-up on this.
Senator Schweiker then points out that a series of
MKULTRA experiments took place — under arrangements
with the Federal Bureau of Narcotics — in which LSD was
tested “surreptitiously on unwitting patrons in bars in
New York and San Francisco. Some of these subjects became
violently ill and were hospitalized ... If you happened to be
at the wrong bar at the wrong place and time, you got it.”
Senator Inouye takes Admiral Turner back to the matter
of the death of Dr. Frank Olsen. MKULTRA subproject 3 wasThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
307
either the umbrella under which this death occurred, or it was
carrying on tests exactly like those which resulted in Olsen’s
death. It is established that the men who ran subproject 3
continued to do so “for a number of years” after Olsen died.
Inouye asks Turner if these men were ever punished or fired.
Turner later supplies the Committee with a letter which
indicates that these men, who were, in 1977, no longer
working for the Agency, had never been fired.
Senator Schweiker engages Admiral Turner in a hide-and-
seek conversation about a hospital location or annex, the
building of which the CIA had paid some monies for. Human
testing had been envisioned. Turner says he’s not sure testing
was ever done there. The name of the facility is not mentioned.
Turner doesn’t seem to want to mention it. But Turner or
someone else supplies that information to the Committee and
it is inserted into the Hearing record. The facility is the
Gorman Annex apparently connected (administratively) to
Georgetown University, and it was dedicated in March 1959.
The insertion states, “Of the several MKULTRA projects
conducted at Georgetown, only one involving human testing
covered a time span subsequent to March 1959 ...” Therefore,
there was ample opportunity to do MKULTRA human
experiments in the Gorman Annex. The insertion now becomes
explosive: “Authorization to contribute CIA funds toward
construction of the Gorman Annex is contained in Subproject
35 of MKULTRA. Recently discovered material indicated that
Dr. Geschickter continued his research for sleep- and amnesia-
producing drugs under Project MKSEARCH through July
1967 at Georgetown University Hospital ...”
Geschickter was well-known as a CIA contractor. He worked
at Georgetown. At Gorman Annex? Hard to prove. Does it
matter? The CIA-Georgetown-Gorman connection is suddenly
very solid. Amnesia-producing drug research. A hallmark
of MKULTRA-type experiments. After all, one of the first
requirements of chemical mind-control is the ability to
question or program individuals while they are drugged, so
that they will not remember that the programming occurred.
Admiral Turner is skittish about revealing the details of
this Gorman Annex-Georgetown program. In part, this is no308
Jon Rappoport
doubt due to the prestige Georgetown University and its
hospital enjoy in government circles. But there is something
further. Turner is led to the edge of a precipice by Senator
Schweiker, who reads him a statement from a CIA document
about, clearly, the Gorman Annex and the Georgetown Hospi-
tal: “The facilities of the hospital and the ability to conduct
controlled experimentations under safe clinical conditions
using materials with which any [CIA] agency connection
must be completely deniable will augment and complement
other programs recently taken over by TSS, such as...” At
that precise point in the document, Senator Schweiker remarks,
there is a deletion made by the Agency. He wants to know,
what are these other programs recently taken over by the
CIA’s TSS (technical services) people? Schweiker is very
interested, because if he knows what these other programs
are, he’ll have a good clue about what was to happen in the
Gorman Annex, what the CIA intention there was. On his
own, Admiral Turner coughs up the answer.
“The deletion read] QKHILLTOP. It doesn’t help you,
but —”
Schweiker replies, “Can you tell us what that is, or is it
still classified?”
Turner replies, “I don’t know, and I assume from the fact
that we deleted it, it is still classified, but I will get you that
answer, sir.”
The answer is supplied in the Hearing record, as a later
addition, on page 171, the last page of the Hearing transcript:
“QKHILLTOP was a cryptonym assigned in 1954 to a
project to study Chinese Communist brainwashing techniques
and to develop interrogation techniques ...”
Let’s see. The use of materials at Georgetown, a stone’s
throw from the federal government, materials which the CIA
must be able to deny any connection to. LSD? Radioactive
minerals? Other mind-bending substances? Experimental
amnesia-producing compounds? The use of materials to assist
in developing interrogation techniques. Tests on Americans.
To make it even stranger, Schweiker then asks Turner if
experiments at the Gorman Annex (or perhaps Georgetown)
involved terminally ill cancer patients as subjects.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
309
Turner says, “Yes, it does appear there is a connection here,
sir.”
A number of exceedingly cruel experiments using radiation
on cancer patients have been uncovered in subsequent years.
There seems to be no follow-up on any of this. No follow-
up on Dr. Geschickter, “deniable’ MKULTRA-type materials
or drugs, Gorman Annex funded by the CIA, cancer patients
as test subjects, amnesia-producing compounds ...
In the closing dialogue with Admiral Turner, Senator
Kennedy presses hard for the Agency to question Sid Gottlieb,
one of its key managerial figures in MKULTRA. Turner comes
across very lamely at this point, stating that Gottlieb no longer
works for the Agency, has already testified to Congress, and
should rather be the focus of a Justice Department investiga-
tion, since the CIA has no jurisdiction to carry out domestic
intelligence operations.
Indeed.
Kennedy mentions a CIA MKULTRA project which involved
two safe houses that were in operation for eight or nine years.
Untold numbers of unwitting Americans were drugged and
“studied.” These houses were clearly set up as brothels, and
the johns were given LSD and who knows what else in their
drinks. Again, a random attack on Americans by an American
intelligence agency. Kennedy states that Gottlieb had signed
many of the documents relating to this project, but then some-
how Gottlieb could not remember its history when testifying
before Congress. Turner backed off this subject.
In an Appendix to the Hearing Record, a fragment from
the “Inspector General’s survey of MKULTRA in 1963” offers
a rather astonishing rationale for secrecy in the overall
MKULTRA program:
“Research in the manipulation of human behavior is
considered by many authorities in medicine and related fields
to be professionally unethical, therefore the reputation of
professional participants in the MKULTRA program are on
occasion in jeopardy ...
“A final phase of the testing of MKULTRA products places
the rights and interests of U.S. citizens in jeopardy.”310
Jon Rappoport
This remarkable admission is followed by another summary:
“Over the ten-year life of the [MKULTRA] program, many
‘additional avenues to the control of human behavior’ were
designated as appropriate for investigation ... These include
‘radiation, electroshock, various fields of psychology, psychia-
try, sociology, and anthropology, graphology, harassment
substances, and paramilitary devices and materials.’”
Not only the range of materials but the mandate was
broadened to include the general field of behavior or mind
control. The program was moving far beyond ordinary insan-
ity into super-insanity. The intent was miles past “protection
from our foreign enemies.” There was the feeling that
MKULTRA would include, operationally, the idea that any
person could be a threat to a prescribed way of life and must
therefore be probed to understand what would control him.
This official point of view could serve as a functional
definition of psychosis.
The Appendix to the August 3 Hearing continues to flesh
out the astounding parameters of MKULTRA. Reading, one
cannot escape the conclusion that the CIA was infecting every
stratum of American life, in this one program:
“The research and development of materials to be used
for altering human behavior consisted of three phases: first
the search for materials suitable for study; second, laboratory
testing on voluntary human subjects in various types of
institutions; third, the application of MKULTRA materials
in normal life settings.” (This final phase of testing involved,
for example, the administration of LSD “to unwitting
nonvolunteer subjects in normal life settings by undercover
officers of the Bureau of Narcotics acting for the CIA ...” The
rationale was, to observe the full range of MK materials and
their consequences, you must go into “the field” and give
them to unwitting people in the middle of their lives.)
The Appendix continues:
The search for suitable [MK] materials was conducted
through standing arrangements with specialists in
universities, pharmaceutical houses, hospitals, state and
federal institutions, and private research organizations.
The annual grants of funds to these specialists wereThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
311
made under ostensible research foundation auspices ...
The next phase of the MKULTRA program involved
physicians, toxicologists, and other specialists in mental,
narcotics, and general hospitals, and in prisons. Utiliz-
ing the products and findings of the basic research phase,
they conducted intensive tests on human subjects.
This section of the Appendix-report mentions an early
MKULTRA research project at the Addiction Research Center
in Lexington, Kentucky, a prison where drug offenders were
serving sentences. From this population, volunteers were
found and experimentally “administered hallucinogenic
drugs.” For their participation, the prisoners were “provided
with the drug of their addiction.”
A number of well-known jazz musicians ended up at
Lexington in the 1940s and 50s. The public was unaware that
this MKULTRA project was the “rehabilitation” doled out to
some of these men.
As the Appendix spells out the true range of MKULTRA,
the saccharine and symbolic questioning of CIA employees
by the Committee on August 3, 1977 is driven home. Better
to have jumped into a full-scale investigation of the effects
(past and ongoing) of MKULTRA on every level of American
life. But that was not to be.
There is, of course, other testimony about the CIA on the
Washington record, but I present the above as an example of
the depths to which the human imagination can sink, when
it is lashed to a secret society whose aim is lowest-common-
denominator control of the mind. This is the Formula of the
Secret Society at its most squalid.
It is no accident that the kind of people who belong to
this cult pay no homage to the wide and free exercise of the
imagination. That tradition is strange to their senses. They
recoil from it. They have no confidence in its power. It is their
abyss, and they struggle instead for the eternal continuation
of the institution called slavery.
What about the assertion that the CIA was closely bound
in its thinking, attitudes, and projects with Nazis? That the312
Jon Rappoport
CIA was/is a secret society joined at the hip with a continuing
Nazi agenda?
Of course the above MKULTRA program reveals some of
those ties, stemming in part from Nazi experiments on human
prisoners in the death camps.
There is much more.
In Linda Hunt’s shocking 1991 book, Secret Agenda, the
degree of complicity of the CIA in Operation Paperclip, which
brought Nazi scientists and intelligence operatives over to
the U.S. as employees, after World War I, is spelled out.
Frank Wisner, a top CIA manager, “operated out of the
State Department ... His considerable influence in the State
Department meant a more favorable climate [for Paperclip]
... [Wisner] helped ... obtain visas for Paperclip scientists.”
Hunt details a U.S. Army project carried on in the late
1940s and 50s at its Edgewood Arsenal facility in Maryland:
“...the chemical corps, using Auschwitz documents as a guide,
conducted the same type of poison gas experiments that had
been done in the secret [German] I.G. Farben laboratories.
This time, however ... the unfortunate guinea pigs were more
than seven thousand American soldiers.”
Nazis involved in this project? Otto Ambros acted as a
consultant. Ambros,
a chemist, was a convicted Nazi war
criminal who was released from prison by U.S. authorities
and given a visa to come to the U.S., after a new policy was
instituted here called National Interest — another term for
the ubiquitous National Security. The CIA’s Frank Wisner
was instrumental in implementing this new National Interest
policy with respect to obtaining visas and passing the back-
ground checks on Nazis.
The horrible Edgewood Arsenal experiments were, tech-
nically, U.S. Army-run. But it was clear that CIA people were
quite active in the project. By this time, the 1950s, as Colonel
Fletcher Prouty describes in his The Secret Team, the CIA was
fielding men who wore military uniforms but worked under-
cover for the CIA. Edgewood was definitely the CIA’s cup
of tea.
Another important Nazi who came to Edgewood (late
1940s) was Friedrich Hoffmann. As Linda Hunt describes,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
313
Hoffmann, placed on CIA contract, “was a chemist who syn-
thesized poison gases and toxins for the [German] University
of Wuerzburg’s
Chemical
Warfare
Laboratories
...”
Hoffmann’s “job ... was to test the poison gases that had been
invented by the Nazis during the war ... Soldiers at the
[Edgewood] base were used as guinea pigs in Tabun [nerve
gas] and mustard gas experiments ... In a scene horribly
reminiscent of the Nazi death camps, [U.S. soldier] Don Bowen
remembered what it was like to sit in the large chamber and
breathe the toxic fumes... ‘My immediate response was not
to breathe. And when I finally did take a deep breath, the
gas burned my nose, my lips and throat.”
“Some of the soldiers,” Hunt writes, “were seriously injured
in the mustard tests.”
In 1949, the Edgewood emphasis suddenly shifted to LSD.
Both CIA and military intelligence thought they had their
hands on a truth drug. “One source of CIA information about
‘truth drugs’ was Karl Tauboeck, I.G. Farben’s leading war-
time expert on sterilization drugs,” Hunt writes. “... The link
between Edgewood and the CIA was close. Many scientists
who worked at Edgewood or under Edgewood contracts
were on the CIA’s payroll. Paperclip chemist [Nazi] Friedrich
Hoffmann was a CIA consultant on psychochemicals.”
Hoffmann also was a chief researcher for the Edgewood
projects, looking for new chemicals all over the world. “He
traveled to foreign universities and visited marine labs and
attended conferences in Switzerland, Czechoslovakia,
Germany, England, Australia, Japan, and other countries.
Toad venoms and poisonous fish ... a conch shell that
produced a highly active venom ... Hoffmann often used the
University of Delaware as a cover at international sympo-
siums to hide his connection to Edgewood and the CIA.”
The CIA Project Bluebird “made full use of Hoffmann’s
discoveries with psychochemicals ... [at Edgewood] at least
a thousand soldiers ... were given up to twenty doses of LSD
to test the drug as a possible interrogation weapon — even
though Edgewood scientists already knew it could cause
serious physical reactions in humans.”
What sorts of reactions? Well, a soldier “fought his way314
Jon Rappoport
out of a locked box in stark terror ... One man suffered a grand
mal seizure; another went into an acute state of paranoia and
had to be hospitalized for a week. Three others developed a
history of epileptic seizures.” And so on.
A CIA-Nazi link? Of course.
There are other names and other experiments, and Hunt
describes them. No one can claim that that the CIA was not
tightly linked to Nazis in the arena of mind-control and
so-called medical experiments.
QED. The CIA is not simply an intelligence agency. It is a
secret society, acting far beyond anyone’s legal concept of its
original 1947 mission to gather crucial information for the
government outside the United States.
And now that we have more than a glimpse of that, let
us make the further CIA connection to corporations, to the
Trilateral/CFR/Bilderberg influence outlined in an earlier
chapter, and even to what may be a sinister influence over
the development of technology in the country.
A perfect cameo illustration is the Bechtel Corporation,
one of the world’s largest privately held construction firms.
Perhaps Steve Bechtel’s most trusted business partner was
John McCone, who, under President Eisenhower, would
become chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC)
and Director of the CIA. McCone was extremely enthusias-
tic about all things nuclear, and his friend Steve Bechtel
benefited. Eventually Connecticut Senator Abraham Ribicoff
would say that the AEC had given birth to an industry “so
incestuous, it is impossible to tell where the public sector
begins and the private one leaves off.”
McCone helped pave the way for Bechtel’s participation
in construction of the Dresden I nuclear plant, completed in
1959. This “showpiece,” plagued immediately by accidents,
nevertheless helped establish Bechtel as a leader in the
nuclear field, and “billions upon billions would flow in,”
writes Laton McCartney, author of the lucid book about
Bechtel, Friends in High Places.
McCone also introduced Steve Bechtel to then-President
Eisenhower, who appointed him to help in “drafting a report,”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
315
writes McCartney, “that would determine policy for distri-
bution of foreign aid and development loans — many to
countries which would use them to employ Bechtel.”
In the Middle East, after World War II, Bechtel, which
would build the Trans-Arabian pipeline, one of the world’s
largest oil lines, began to work with the CIA. Bechtel knew
more about what was happening in that region of the world
than the U.S. government.
There was an exchange of favors. In 1948, the Syrian
sovernment, “furious at U.S. support for Israel,” reports
McCartney, “canceled an agreement to permit the Bechtel-
built Tapline pipeline to cross its borders. Had the policy
stood, Bechtel would have lost millions. But in 1949, the
civilian Syrian government was overthrown in a CIA-
sponsored coup and replaced by a military dictatorship,
friendlier to U.S. interests. Shortly thereafter, Bechtel was
eranted permission to build Tapline across Syria.”
In 1951, Bechtel executive John Simpson became friends
with Allen Dulles, who would soon become CIA director. In
1952, Dulles — as CIA chief — asked Simpson to have Bechtel
do a study on Iran’s plan to pipe huge quantities of oil into
the Soviet Union. Was such a project really possible? With
Steve Bechtel’s okay, Simpson had the study carried out. The
conclusion was yes, the Iranians did have the technical capa-
bility to do the job.
With that intelligence in tow, the CIA carried out a 1953
coup in Iran and put the U.S. and CIA-friendly Shah Reza
Pahlevi back on the throne. That revolution involved the
murder of elected president Mossadeq.
The CIA put many agents into cover at international
Bechtel, to spy in far-flung areas, and the corporation welcomed
the partnership.
Another favor came back to Bechtel. In 1964 and 1965,
old friend and CIA Director, John McCone, briefed Bechtel
on the quickly developing situation in Indonesia. President
Sukarno had begun to nationalize U.S. businesses.
In October 1965, according to many observers and insiders,
the CIA backed a very bloody coup that installed a new Presi-
dent, Suharto, who was more cooperative with America.316
Jon Rappoport
With yet a third CIA Director, Richard Helms, who became
an “international consultant” for Bechtel in 1978, after his
long tour of duty with the CIA, Bechtel became the quintes-
sential U.S. corporation linked to intelligence interests.
But there was another step. Bechtel built oil pipelines
and giant oil processing plants and nuclear facilities around
the world. Would the CIA allow revolutionary new energy-
technologies to make all that ancient history? I believe the
CIA will do what it can to shelve new technology “detrimen-
tal” to its elite partners.
Just to keep the record straight: Holly Sklar, in her master-
fully edited 1980 book, Trilateralism, states, as if in a tip of the
hat to Bechtel: “... CIA Directors Allen Dulles, John McCone,
and Richard Helms were all CFR [Council on Foreign
Relations] and/or Bilderberg participants and leaders.”
Indeed, in a secret briefing to CFR members in 1968, in
New York at CFR headquarters, Richard Bissell, once head of
clandestine operations for the CIA, confirmed by his very
presence that “the influential but private Council [CFR],
composed of several hundred of the country’s top political,
military, business, and academic leaders, [had] long been the
CIA’s principal ‘constituency’ in the American public. When
the agency has needed prominent citizens to front for its
proprietary companies or for other special assistance, it has
often turned to Council members.” This quote — a piece of
analysis by Victor Marchetti — is from The CIA and the Cult
of Intelligence, co-authored by Marchetti, former executive
assistant to the deputy director of the CIA. Bissell’s speech
became public when paraphrased notes on it were acciden-
tally discovered in the files of a Harvard University building
taken over by protesting students in 1971.
Bissell and others at the secret 1968 meeting hinted at the
possible use — for staging of CIA projects — of U.S. corpora-
tions with foreign offices. Of course, such cooperation already
had a long track record.
Consider this cult, the CIA. As it administers a wide-
ranging program of drugging and poisoning U.S. citizens
under the rubric of MKULTRA, it is seamlessly aligning
its interests with those of corporations like Bechtel —The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
317
and murdering any world leader who stands in the path of
business-expansion.
The mural-art of this cult, tied in as it is with the world of
corporations and their fronts (World Bank, International
Monetary Fund, Trilateral Commission), relies on respectabil-
ity, blandness, and at the same time patriotism and all the
attendant homilies for its convincing quality.
“We are America. We are righteous. We keep good books.
We wear suits and polish our shoes, just like you.”
There is another level of cult-art, of Secret Society Formula,
when it comes to the CIA. Col. Fletcher Prouty details it in
his indispensable book, The Secret Team. Prouty, a former
liaison officer between the Department of Defense and the
CIA, points out that the CIA uses its art to provoke desired
reactions from other parts of the U.S. federal government, a
very necessary tactic if CIA (illegal) clandestine plans are to
get off the ground in any serious way. This Cold War strategy
was used many times:
The CIA’s greatest strength derives from its ability to
activate various parts of the U.S. Government — usually
the Defense Department, with minor inputs designed
to create reaction. It finds a minor fact [such as a small
outbreak of banditry among peasants in a Third World
country], which it interprets and evaluates to be
Communist inspired, or inspired by some other favor-
ite enemy ... then it feeds this item into the White House
and to Defense, where a response re-action takes place
predictably and automatically. To carry this to the next
level, the CIA, by utilizing its clandestine facilities [e.¢.,
by staging a phony “escalation” of the banditry], can
stir up the action it wants for further use in turn to stir
up a reaction response within the U.S. Government
structure. Although such actions and re-actions usually
begin on a very small scale, they escalate rapidly as in
Indonesia, Tibet and Greece. (They went completely
out of control in Southeast Asia.)
In the case of Indonesia, Prouty is referring to the staged318
Jon Rappoport
coup I have just mentioned, which had a great deal to do
with President Sukarno’s threat to nationalize Bechtel opera-
tions. Prouty is sketching the process by which the CIA was
able to build up a warlike reaction within the White House,
ultimately, against Sukarno. Were there other factors at work
in Indonesia? Of course. There always are. But the conjuring
efforts of the CIA are central to the direction in which the
whole show moves.
In the early Cold War years, CIA operative General Ed
Lansdale helped bring an unknown soldier in the Philippines
to heroic status and, ultimately, to the leadership of the coun-
try as President Ramon Magsaysay. Prouty describes how,
originally, lumber and sugar companies had pushed thousands
of Philippine villagers from their ancient homes. Their reloca-
tion, inducing starvation, triggered some measure of banditry
against other villagers. The CIA explanation for all of this was
Communist-inspired rioting, not corporate crimes. After all,
all sorts of local government officials were on the take from
these lumber and sugar companies. Lansdale parlayed this
situation into a revolution and a coup. In the early stages,
he even had some of the “Communist” attacks on villages
carried out by Magsaysay supporters dressed as local Huks
(Communist rebels).
Cowboys at play in the fields of the Lord.
Prouty’s analysis of Vietnam is devastating. Admitting
that all such unstable situations have a number of interested
parties seeking to gain money and position and advantage,
Prouty nevertheless points out that, one, the whole disastrous
Vietnam war, almost from the time of America’s first real
involvement, was a CIA operation, all the way up until 1965
when the Marines landed. Two, the U.S. motive for being in
the war was set in concrete by the CIA as a counterinsurgency
operation against the dire Communist threat that could lead
to a domino effect in Asia. And three, behind the stated inten-
tions, the conflict in Vietnam had no payoff that was anti-
Communist or pro-American. “... those wise and wily chess
players in the Kremlin,” Prouty writes, “... have been the
beneficiaries of our own [CIA-inspired] defense-oriented,
reaction-prompted, intelligence-duped Pavlovian self-The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
319
destruction. How can anyone justify the fact that the United
States has lost fifty-five thousand men in Indochina and that
the Russians have lost none and then call that anti-Communist
... How can anyone note that we have poured more than $200
billion into Indochina since 1945 and that the Kremlin may
have put up somewhere between $3 and $5 billion as their
ante to keep the game going, and then call that tragic ratio
anti-Communist and pro-American?”
In his book, Blowback, Christopher Simpson “ties together
a few loose ends” that make for a staggering account of power
joining together among secret societies:
Discussing the period three years after World War II, he
writes,
... the CIA established much deeper and broader ties
with the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church in
Rome than had previously been the case [in the CIA’s
short life thus far] ... [This] ... laid the foundation for
the agency’s relationship with Intermarium, an influen-
tial Catholic lay organization ... that operated under the
protection of the Vatican. At least half a dozen senior
leaders of Intermarium and its member groups can be
readily identified as Nazi collaborators. Some were
fugitive war criminals. However, Intermarium was
later to emerge as one of the mainstays of ... scores of
... CIA-sponsored clandestine operations during the
next two decades.
One of Intermarium’s supporters was the notorious Nazi
ideologue, Alfred Rosenberg, who had been a close friend of
Hitler.
The Vatican, the CIA, the Nazis.
“Leaders of the Intermarium organization,” Simpson
writes, “became coordinators of much of the Nazi escape
effort [after the War].” The senior Ukrainian Intermarium
representative, Catholic Archbishop Ivan Buchko, “successfully
intervened with Pope Pius XII himself to win freedom for a
[Nazi] Ukrainian Waffen SS legion ... some 11,000 men ...320
Jon Rappoport
Some of them — a smaller number — had served as guards
in the Nazis’ death camps at Treblinka, Belsen, and Sobibor.
Many of these men were destined to serve in political war-
fare projects underwritten by the CIA. Hundreds of them
are known to live in the United States and Canada today.”94
Seventy-one years after the CIA MKULTRA Hearing, on
August 3, 2048, another hearing is held in the Dirksen Senate
Office Building in Washington.
The Select Committee on Intelligence is sponsoring this
one-day event, entitled, “America’s Program in Behavioral
Freedom.” Senator Michael Kennedy, chairman of the Select
Committee, is presiding. I trust this transcript will more than
offset the preceding record of CIA efforts to affect the future
through control of minds.
Senator Kennedy:
“The President has asked me to relay his concern over
the deliberations of this Committee today. Much has been
written in the press, over the past twenty years, about the
emerging New Citizen who has essentially graduated from
the collective power grid of the planet into a status of freedom
unprecedented in the history of Earth.
Iam not just talking
about Americans, but about people from every nation on the
globe. This development, coupled with the triumph of infra-
structure-technology as usable by small companies, has made
it possible for the most elementary of communities to own
land in the secure knowledge that they can afford to maintain
the infrastructure of that land in excellent condition, with-
out reference to, or reliance upon, large corporations, power
utilities, or government officials. This has made much of
government obsolete. It has erased the leverage which our
government formerly used on the states to ensure compliance
with federal programs. That leverage was money, grants, aid
to the states. With the advent of massive electric power for
the use of the individual, at almost pennies — through the
refinement of cold fusion and hydrogen technologies — and
321322
Jon Rappoport
with the advent of low-cost infrastructure technology, no state
or city or community needs the money the federal government
can dangle, and therefore no state need adopt Washington’s
programs of education, law-enforcement, healthcare, and so
on. All that is finished.
“And that is just the beginning. With the freedom made
possible for each individual through the triumph of 21st-
century technologies, there has come the awareness that, all
along, an imaginative motive force has been pushing the
human race in the direction of this freedom.
“Three years ago, we sent our second domed colony,
powered by cold fusion, out into the galaxy on its journey of
evolution and wonder.
“Let this stand as a symbol of our unquenchable desire
for more life.
“While many of our largest Earth corporations — whose
loyalties have never been given to any nation or genuine
human cause — have been trying to corrupt governments
and hold the upper hand in global commerce, a whole host
of smaller, more mobile companies has arisen whose mission
is of another kind. These companies have established a
Fullerian program of supplying the Groundbase Zero of life
to every citizen in every nation of the world. At the moment,
that program is 18% accomplished and is going strong.
Groundbase Zero, as we all know, consists of adequate
clothing, food, shelter, transport, unlimited education and
unlimited effective healthcare. Amazingly, this program has
been executed without compromising a single sovereign
government, without compromising the competitiveness of
a single corporation on the planet. These “Fuller” companies
have simply used available technology to produce their
goods at prices affordable everywhere.
“Of course it has not been easy to achieve a buying power
for twelve billion Earth citizens that would guarantee them
Groundbase Zero. That is a continuing struggle, but through
extended employment opportunities on a planetary basis —
again, without interfering with any sovereign government
— tremendous progress has been made. The 21st-century
space program has helped in that regard. Space colonies, theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
323
heart of the program, have not only been the object of fantas-
tic enthusiasm, they have employed all told, almost eight
hundred million of us. And the figure is growing.
“As our technologies become cleaner and cheaper, the
progress of real environmentalism has been a sight to behold.
There is almost no one now who either deplores ‘saving the
Earth’ or dares use the ecological cause to further fascist-
aristocratic ambitions like the depopulation of the planet.
We have seen through those manipulations and we are no
longer moved by them.
“In the wake of this century’s progress, many governments
have been shed like old skins by their populations. Not
through war, but from lack of need. Ladies and gentlemen,
let us face facts. That is happening to the government of the
United States as we sit here. It does no good to deny it. We
have become, in large measure, expendable.
“The quality of healthcare is much greater than any of us
dreamed possible twenty years ago, and that care has now
been made available to a far larger percentage of Americans
than any previous government program could guarantee.
Likewise for housing, for education, for employment opportu-
nities, for all the so-called Entitlements. All without reference
to the government in any way.
“We have dreamed our way to this place, and we have
done it without having to go to war to kill millions of so-called
enemies. We have seen through the program of lies set up by
various monopolies, monopolies of information, of medicine,
of energy, of money. We have diversified in the face of these
threats and multiplied our sources of supply. We now face
the prospect of a lengthy but rewarding negotiation on the
subject of weapons and global disposition. Of course Iam
talking about the un-possession of weapons by nations and
armies as well as individuals. This will encompass the impor-
tant question of the need for protection from ‘potential
criminals.’ However, those of us who have grown up in the
atmosphere of education which we call Art and Imagination
have confidence that in the long run we can solve this problem.
We have journeyed through the islands of fear that cluster
around the key concepts of “protection” and “security” and324
Jon Rappoport
“purity” and all the rest of the stingers that cause people to
retreat from their own imaginations and sink back into
solutions that ultimately call for control of people’s minds.
“We don’t need that. We don’t need another CIA to plan
our future, assassinate our leaders, sow fear and chaos as a
prelude to control of human beings. No one has ever been
able to dismantle the entire honeycomb of kingdoms that
make up the CIA. But we have been able, as a species, to
expose its crimes to a great extent, and turn the people, the
politicians, the leaders away from its mad influence. The CIA
and their lunatic ministers and minions of disinformation
live in their caves, believe they are the messiahs, and defend
a way of life that is dead.
“We will continue to root them out and put them on trial
for their crimes. But we will spread a true freedom over the
face of the Earth. Already, a significant percentage of our
global population has some time to pursue the fruits of that
freedom. As predicted, thousands of small communities —
self-sufficient — have grown up across America. Across every
continent. These communities have the infrastructure to make
their ways of life stick — and that is exactly what they are
doing. They are adopting all sorts of configurations of self-
government, from free-market capitalism to Marxism and
beyond. Although conflicts arise between communities, by and
large a spirit of tolerance is prevailing. Fewer and fewer people
seem to believe that everyone has to share their particular
view of life, the world, the Supreme Being, the destiny of the
human race.
“Early in the 21st century we awoke to the fact that, as a
nation, we had been brainwashed into thinking that good
information came to us only from several reliable sources.
With that mass-revelation, everything changed. Scientists,
engineers, investors, entrepreneurs began to share budding
new technologies with a different spirit. They quickly learned
that corporate-government complexes — which included
aspects of the CIA — were trying to control the flow of this
kind of information. But the new channels of communication
were so prolific. And their users quickly came to rely on
themselves to determine what was true. Thus were bornThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
325
companies with a different flavor. For example, commercial
eroups dedicated to employing new electromagnetic and
nutritional technologies to maintain, expand, and repair
individual health. The federal government fought these
companies tooth and nail, but in the end the force of new ideas
was too great. The government and the traditional pharma-
ceutical cartels suffered a crushing defeat. Exposés on the
decades of monopolistic control by this medical / pharma-
ceutical / government complex now saw the light of day ina
major way.
“Several key CIA operatives came out of the cold. They
told Net reporters, in great detail, about operations mounted
in self-contained intelligence cells which had been pointed
at controlling and limiting the development of technology
in the future. Purpose? To protect huge unwieldy corporations
from quicker minds. To aid in the gradual passage of more
power into fewer hands. To block the possibility of wider
individual freedom. That is, to keep from happening on this
planet exactly what has happened. A renaissance.
“Despite massive propaganda from the major TV networks
against so-called ‘conspiratorial thinking,’ it was proven to
the American people over and over again that collusion had
been a way of life in America for several centuries. Collusion
among the big boys. You could call that conspiracy if you
wanted to, but in truth it was something more simple. The
shared desire to own and control and dominate.
“America no longer believed that all progress was slow
and conflict-ridden and that history was the inevitable
average of warring parties. America finally acknowledged
that on the high levels, the fix was in, had been in whenever
and wherever it was possible to make it so — and could be
overridden.
“We of the government must acknowledge all of this.
“Nor can we think, in a desperate bid for attention, that
the scandalous goings-on of our officials will captivate our
citizens. They simply don’t care anymore whether a Senator
is sleeping with his aide. It is a joke. It is no more important
to the American people than a story about a grocery-store
manager having an affair with a check-out clerk.326
Jon Rappoport
“The American people lost faith in us because, for decades,
they could see more money and power passing into the hands
of fewer people. And they realized we did not have the
courage to strike out boldly and do something about it. In
truth, we didn’t know what to do. Our minds were limited.
We didn’t see a way to daylight. So the people began to work
around us, as new technology arrived. They fashioned
communities, and they did everything they could to make
those units of social life independent from Washington. They
did everything they could to make those communities inde-
pendent from state governments as well. For them, pride in
the power of the individual returned in a tangible way.
“Today, you can buy a cold-fusion cell for six hundred
dollars and use it, for the next fifty years, to power your home
and office and car. We must face the implications of facts like
these.
A community of a hundred people, living on three acres
of land in six vertical structures, can maintain their roads
and sewers plus the roads and sewers in a three-mile radius
outside their land, for ten years, for a private fee of twelve
thousand dollars. Total. Need I go on?
“Once we Americans spoke of a more perfect union and
said ‘We the People,’ but the government and the large corpo-
rations, and the monster we call “our intelligence services,”
betrayed those sentiments and used them to try to mold us
into content androids. We had to act, and I count myself
among the citizenry. I tried to do everything I could, as a
politician, as a Senator, to reverse the trend of more control
passing into fewer hands, but within the confines of govern-
ment I couldn’t succeed. I know many of you felt you had
come to the same place.
“A decade ago the whole news-TV-political-corporate
persona of Down to Earth Realism, as it was called by several
authors, was exposed for the sham it really was. This persona,
employed by every high-priced news anchor in the business,
tried to ensure that no one took the idea of conspiracy seriously,
tried to ensure that every person who went outside the system
to look for answers about what was happening to our world
was called a Wacko. As this persona became more and more
a joke with citizens, the major sources of news on the planetThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
327
began to crumble.
“Finally, several news stars, Dan King included, tried to
take on the Smith Exposé on Federal Cancer Murder. King did
everything in his power to defend the army of government
and corporate cancer researchers at the National Institutes
of Health who were still pursuing corrosive chemotherapy
‘solutions’, who were also helping to prosecute health practi-
tioners employing workable alternative cures. But King ran
into a new generation of businesspeople and researchers and
reporters, and his more and more fervent denials of the new
non-official wave of cancer cures went down in flames —
with his vaunted career.
“Eventually our nation realized that in many arenas we
had been presented with realities which were just fictions
dressed up to protect or enrich some powerful interest. We
saw through to the theatrical artistic essence of this subter-
fuge, and as a nation decided to turn our minds to the creation
of our own worlds. Hence, the incredible cross-fertilizing
patchwork-quilt of free non-controllable communities
spreading across America.
“Will we ever all come together and attain a perfect union?
Is it desirable? Well, I know this. First we must attain true
individual freedom from our government and its machina-
tions, from our remaining transnational corporate princes,
from the associations created by those princes to plan and
implement global policies inimical to us. First we must do
that. We must make sure that blinding poverty and war and
disease are no longer the “eternal facts of life’ used, inciden-
tally, to keep people in a powerless ‘need’ for rulers.
“When all this work has been done, we can start thinking
about unity and diversity. But now we know that through
our own imaginations we can create out on the horizon of
infinity worlds we are only beginning to understand.
“T ask this Committee to recommend, at the close of this
session, a serious study of the government — to refocus on
what we can do to assist in the process already well underway
on the planet.
“Would it have been a great shock to early Americans that
their government was searching for a way to follow the328
Jon Rappoport
people? I don’t know. We who are sitting in this room persist
in thinking of ourselves as leaders only. And we like to think
of the people as incompetent, as waiting for our cues. That
era existed once, but it is over. It is over because we forfeited
the right to lead. Maybe it was never our true function.
“Today there is no town or village or county or city in
America that cannot afford to maintain its own infrastructure.
That situation is spreading across the world.
“Wars are becoming passé, not because some great central-
ized army representing the planet is frightening nations and
groups into submission. Wars are diminishing because there
is no need for them. When the minds of the people are busy
building their own worlds, they will not pick up a weapon
and kill a stranger.
“Let me tell you about Carolasia, a community on the edge
of Detroit. On one acre of land, sixty people live in two vertical
structures. A third is being built for new members. Each
member has access to 1047 Netlinks to other communities,
for the exchange of information on everything from self-
esovernment to vegetable sales to spring celebrations to group-
booking rates for lunar shuttles.
“Carolasia has executed 27 murals in the Midwest over
the last thirteen years. They have published two books on
Sumerian tablet research, fielded a third-place softball team
in the Greater Detroit Summer League, co-sponsored with 5
other communities
a common
climb of the Matterhorn,
produced a 4-hour film on the organic growing of fruits, nuts,
and vegetables in non-city and city spaces, headed up a
weekly farmer’s market on the south side of Detroit, taught
wrestling, chess, and Japanese cooking classes to local groups
on the Traveling Rec circuit, pioneered four city vegetable
gardens in Michigan, run a small medical clinic on its
premises.
“Carolasia keeps a 12-person integrated diary of self-
government changes within the community. The Carolasia
government has swung from no council to full voting partici-
pation by every member, to elected Monarchy, to worker-
committees. They are always in flux on that front ...
“Thirteen years ago, some of you may remember, theThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
329
community was prosecuted by a federal district attorney on
charges of urging the overthrow of the U.S. government. This
accusation, absurd on its face, was eventually dismissed
when it was made clear that the whole case really rested on
a manual written by three Carolasia members which forecast
the decay of the American federal government, based on its
failure to meet the needs of the people.
“Carolasia, in that case, was represented by James Waters,
an attorney for the Fullerian corporation, Blue Game. Blue
Game and Carolasia had already established a co-project
involving the rental of space on a three-month Earth-orbiting
module. The vessel would house four occupants who would,
in a gravityless environment, carry out a vigorous program
of imagination-empowering techniques. That orbiting program
is underway now.
“There is no way for us, the government of the United
States, or any of the old traditional global corporations, to
invoke platitudes and find millions of citizens running back
into our arms. That time is gone. People have awakened. They
have passed us by. We can join them, help them, or we can
decay into dust.”PART EIGHT95
I have come across an ancient philosophy from India called
Samkhya.
It is difficult to place in time. One estimate is 6th century
BCE. According to the 1991 edition of the Encyclopedia Ameri-
cana, volume 14, Samkhya holds that “The two basic contrast-
ing entities are soul (purusa) and matter (prakrti) ... Souls
are infinite in number and consist of pure intelligence. Each
soul is independent, indivisible, unconditioned, incapable
of change, immortal. It appears, however, to be bound to
matter.”
In The Gods of Eden, author William Bramley quotes British
scholar, Sir Charles Eliot, on Samkhya’s version of the soul’s
liberation: “Suffering is the result of souls being in bondage
to matter, but this bondage does not affect the nature of the
soul and in one sense is not real, for when souls acquire
discriminating knowledge and see that they are not matter,
then the bondage ceases and they attain to eternal peace.”
Bramley states that, according to Samkhya, “every soul
has participated in the creation and/or perpetuation of the
primary elements which constitute the material universe.”
If Samkhya indeed held this to be true, it would stand
quite early in the Tradition of the Imagination, then running
up through Tibetan practice and Giordano Bruno, whose
poetic imagery is reminiscent of Samkhya cosmology.
Iam not interested in arguing a case for immortality of a
soul which is you. That question is up to you to decide. But
when we are talking about an ancient philosophy that stresses
the far reaches of the creative imagination, and views that
power as involved with the bringing into being of the universe
itself, we have made another potential connection in the
Tradition of the Imagination.
332The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
333
We are talking about the creation of reality by a human
being. In the final part of this book, I want to carry out another
experiment along that line.
I have finally located a long-term practitioner of Tibetan
visualization, including the deity-form of exercise I described
in several earlier chapters.
Jim had been an active student of this discipline for fifteen
years. He had done numerous retreats in Canada, the U.S.,
and Europe. Then he stopped.
“T was frustrated,” he said. “First of all, I found very few
people who seemed to be focused on what I considered was
the ultimate goal of this practice.”
“What goal is that?” I asked.
“The ability to materialize matter and energy at will, ina
very visible way — to actually control the physical universe,
which we could call the universe of appearances.”
“T want to get this very straight,” I said. “You're of the
opinion that it’s possible to make this wall disappear and
walk through the empty space.”
“Absolutely,” Jim said. “Create it from your mind, so to
speak. Just like that. But it’s real. My teacher believed that
passion for the goal was important, that you didn’t have to
become a passive or unemotional person in any way. He also
believed, in the traditional way, that not creating was the
other side of the coin. If you can create an object on this table,
a glass figurine, you can also not do that, you can turn it on
and off like a faucet, at will.”
“Have you been criticized for being so straightforward?”
“Sure. There is an interpretation of all the Asian religions
in which passion and desire and impatience are looked on
as flaws. What is thought of as good is neutrality, and that is
a signal that you are not too attached to the world. I don’t
agree with that interpretation. I think it’s destructive. If you
look at some of the most passionate teachers in recent times,
from the East — Muktananda, Yogananda, Ramakrishna, you
are looking at men who desired the goal of enlightenment
very, very much. They were hungry for it. They were not
simply ecstatic by nature. They were aggressive for their
goal.”334
Jon Rappoport
I asked, “Have you had experiences of being able to create
things with your will power, with your imagination?”
“Yes, but not predictably. Most of the time it doesn’t
happen, but once in awhile it does. I don’t know whether I
want to tell you about it, because you might think I’m nuts
... but for example I created, for about two minutes, a gold
aura around a statue that several other people could see. It
was a kind of joke. These were my friends. We were stand-
ing in a park in Chicago in 1984 and I said, I feel a thing
coming on, a visitation. Of course I didn’t feel anything like
that. I just put an aura around a statue, and my friends saw
it. A woman walking by saw it for a few seconds too and she
looked at us and gasped. Later we all laughed, after the woman
was gone. I thought we were going to be stuck with a
believer. I’ve done things like that.”
“And you don’t associate this with some kind of religious
connection?”
“Let me put it this way. I think religion is, as Marx said,
the opiate of the masses. I also think that under certain
circumstances science is the opiate of the masses. So is romantic
love, under certain circumstances. So are a lot of things. And
when you find you can really do things with your mind, your
energy, you undrug yourself.”
“Why aren’t you a Tibetan practitioner anymore?” I asked.
“T still do certain exercises, like the deity visualizations,
but I don’t do a regimen every day now. I’m on vacation. I’m
thinking things over. I don’t know whether I want to stay
dedicated to a practice that may take seventy lifetimes to
fully realize. Believe me, I don’t know of any other techniques
that really do the trick either, so it’s not that I’m diving into
something else ...”
We discussed an experiment I had in mind. The background
is this: We all tend to solidify our lives as the years pass. The
clay of our actions hardens into habits. It is then difficult to
believe that we are imagining, inventing, creating our lives.
So, an antidote, vaguely similar to the Tibetan practice of
deity-visualization, might be helpful.
Not a strict visualization, but a dialogue, almost an inter-
view. Jim would imagine a number of people, not just one.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
335
We didn’t want to have him in the position of making up
just a single person who could become so interesting he
would want to maintain him, hold on to him. So we decided
to devote each session to creating a new person.
I know this sounds odd, on the surface, but think about
it. It sounds odd because we are so dedicated to the ordinary,
we are so dedicated to thinking that if anything fantastic is
going to happen it is going to be created by someone else
and it is going to come down from the sky. The bizarre thing
is the assumption that nothing is going to happen. I think
that’s the weirdest assumption of all — and it’s considered
realistic and sensible. It’s no more sensible than living by
tranquilizers and slowly fading out.
Anyway, in each session, Jim would decide who that
person was that he would imagine, create — not a friend,
not anyone he knew, but someone imaginary. I would then
ask all sorts of questions about this person and he would fill
me in, inventing the whole thing as he went along.
The object?
Perhaps after enough sessions, the act of imagining in
great detail different people and their lives — creating them
— would have some effect on how Jim looked at his own
life. Perhaps he would gain a new spark of inspiration.
Perhaps he would see his own life in a very different way.
I had no precise short-term goal. It was an experiment.
Jim said, “You think that if I invent enough people —
purely invent them without any set pattern — I might shake
something loose.”
“You might get a big bump from your imagination that
would carry you into another level. Of creative capacity. It’s
like going to the gym. You work out. This is an intense
workout for the imagination. Of course, for any real effect,
we might be talking about a few hundred sessions. For me,
this is a kind of demonstration project. I just want to see what,
if anything, happens.”
Jim agreed to try it.
In our first session, he decided to imagine “a lady with a
limp.” That was enough to get started. I told him to give her336
Jon Rappoport
a name. He chose Sandy.
I began interviewing him about her. The session lasted an
hour and a half. I’m including an excerpt here.
What is she wearing?
A dark blue suit. White blouse. Shiny black high heels.
Does she walk with a cane?
Yes.
Is she boring?
No, she has a very high IQ. She works in the admissions
office of a college in Arizona.
What happened to her leg?
It was broken in several places in a car accident. There
was nerve damage.
When she wakes up in the morning, does she feel the way you do when
you wake up?
She is happy. I’m not.
What makes her happy?
She believes in an entity who helps her.
Where is this entity?
In her mind.
What does her mind look like?
A long football field. There are objects on it, geometric
objects. Each one is a storage unit for information on different
types of subjects.
Where is the entity?
Next to an object.
What does he do?
He wonders how he came into existence.
And how did he?
By her neurosis.
What's a neurosis relative to the football field?
It’s a cloud, a small cloud.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
337
What does it do?
Rain. That causes the woman
to become
anxious.
Can the entity help her?
It can make her think it isn’t raining.
... Does she have money?
No. But her father does. He’s 80. He lives in Chicago.
When he dies she’Il inherit $600,000.
What will she do with it?
Something stupid.
Meaning what?
She’ll become an alcoholic.
Why?
Because she wants to have fun.
Does she suspect that’s going to happen?
No. Not yet.
Does she have a man?
Yes. He’s in jail. She can visit him and spend time alone
with him. He’s in a minimum security facility for stock fraud.
What does she think of herself for having a man who’s in jail?
She doesn’t tell anybody about it.
She’s secretive.
Very.
What does her nose look like?
It’s short and straight.
Reddish?
No. White. But it has some slight discoloration up near
her eyes.
What color discoloration?
Gray.
Does she try to cover it up?
No. Her teeth are funny too. They’re a little too big in
front. Very strong.338
Jon Rappoport
Did anybody ever make fun of her for her teeth?
Yes.
When?
When she was twelve.
Where was that?
In a small town in the Midwest.
What did the place look like where somebody made fun of her?
There were three girls. They were standing on a bridge. It
was one of those delirious summer afternoons. Edith was
the leader of the bad girls. She teased Sandy with a big grin
on her face. She said, “Horse face. Your teeth are like a race-
horse. I’d bet on you ...”
What did the sky look like?
Those faint clouds before a thunderstorm.
Did Sandy cry?
No.
Did she believe in God?
Yes.
What did she tell herself?
Nothing.
What do her fingernails look like? Now.
Short. Dirty.
The dirt comes from ...
A garden. She digs in her garden at home.
Vegetable?
Mostly flowers. She’s a worker. She likes to work in the
dirt ...
Does she wear rings?
A silver band on her wedding finger. A pinkie ring on her
right hand. The setting is brass. Scratched. It’s a fake ruby ...
In this first session, we ranged all over Sandy’s life, went
into great detail on the appearance of her body. I asked a
number of questions about what she believed in, how sheThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
339
treated people, what she thought when she was alone, and
so on.
There was no pressure for something major to happen.
Again — so there’s no misunderstanding — Jim made up
this woman. This is not someone he’s known. And he made
up her circumstances and the details about her. I’m not saying
he didn’t pick some of these details from memories, but not
all of them came from memories, and in any case those that
did he transposed in many ways to fit this imaginary person.
We did six more sessions on six people whom Jim made
up, and they all had one quality in common. None of them
was a public person.
In the seventh session that changed.
Who 1s it today?” I asked.
The Vice-President of the United States,” Jim said.
What does he look like?
He’s tall. Cadaverous.
What’s his name?
Hamilton. Michael Hamilton.
Is he a figurehead?
Unwilling. He wants to go to war. He wants to destroy
Syria and Lebanon and Iraq.
Why?
He’s hateful.
Just that?
Yes.
He must have a reason.
There’s something inside him. He thinks these people are
murderers.
All people from the Middle East?
Most. Hamilton feels a sense of peace when he thinks of
wat.
Does he want to go himself?
No. He wants to watch. He wants to see the destruction
from a distance.340
Jon Rappoport
Has he ever committed violence?
I don’t know. He has some kind of disease. The public
knows about it. It’s been announced. One of those auto-
immune things. Lupus.
What does it look like?
His eyes are a little buggy. Something wrong with his
thyroid gland. His colon is constricted. He’s a very military
person. He walks upright. His hands are against his sides.
He has the nails manicured and he cleans them every morn-
ing. He washes his hands with soap several times a day.
Compulsive?
Yes. He keeps taking showers. He’s afraid of germs. He
thinks germs are being carried into the country by people
from the Southern hemisphere.
Is his mother alive?
Yes.
What do they talk about?
The farm. He grew up ona
farm. He has a very diminished
sense of smell, but he can smell the farm. The animals. The
pigs near the troughs. The goats. He has a favorite goat in
his memory. It’s dead. This goat liked him. Used to lick his
hands and his feet when he was a little boy.
He was a happy little boy?
Yes. Very.
What happened?
His eyes began to hurt. He got headaches. His skin turned
a slightly yellow color. He retreated in his mind. He became
an intellectual.
Does he wear expensive clothes?
When he’s not in the White House he wears dark blue
polo shirts and white polo shirts. He’s an Ivy Leaguer.
So far nothing tremendous had happened in the sessions.
As you can see, there was no attempt to interpret the answers
Jim gave. No this-means-that. It’s clear to me that the constant
effort to fish for meanings stems from a complete misunder-The Secret Behind
sta nding
Secret Societies
341
about what the imagination is and what it does.
Th e constant search for meanings is a restraining, a
backpedaling of the creative impulse. It has never really been
accepted by any therapy or religion that the unrestrained
unanalyzed exercise of the imagination would eventually
lea d to liberation, to a vista of new feelings about life itself,
to a blossoming of possibilities for action, to an end of what
is called neurosis.
After the twelfth session Jim told me he was beginning to
see something about himself, but he couldn’t describe it. He
reminded me of a passage I had shown him about Tibetan
exercises, written by David-Neel.
It’s like her description of the becoming meditations.
You sit there and become the tree. You imagine that
your mind is inside the tree, and your eyes are the
tree’s, and your body is the trunk of the tree. And then
you look out as the tree and you describe your body as
a man, you describe the man sitting there next to the
tree. The more you do this, the more you feel that this
human being business is only one way of looking at
what people are. Only one way. You see that your mind,
your perception is much wider, but in order to get to
that point, you have to practice a lot. We’ve just started
here. You’re interviewing me about these imaginary
people that I’m making up, and I’m beginning to get
the feeling that I can look at my own life in a lot of
different ways. But it’s slow. I need a lot of practice.
In the nineteenth session, Jim chose a person who was a
witch.
“This is a witch that is part male and part female. Actually,
itc an be either or both.”
How tall is he?
Or she.
Yes.
It’s about six feet one. Large arms. Tattoos.
Comes from where?
Born in Illinois. Discovered the talent of being a witch342
Jon Rappoport
when she was twelve and ran away into the cities of the
Midwest, and lived by doing strange things for people. Theft.
opying.
Her body?
Very wrinkled. A sea of wrinkles. Orange and gray and
pink and white and gold. She thinks she’s a sailor.
On the sea?
Jim stopped cold in his tracks. After a few moments he
looked at me. “I did it,” he said in a quiet voice.
“Did what?”
“T got inside her head. I felt what she was feeling.”
“The sailor thing?”
He nodded. “Yeah. It was just a flash. It was as if I were in
her head when she had a random aimless thought ... I was
an inch away from it and I felt it go by. But I was imagining
it all too.”
He smiled slowly. “You know that Tibetan exercise? Well,
this was my first real taste of being the tree, I guess. I was that
witch. It was like a breath of hot air on my face. Fantastic.”
When I saw Jim the next time he was different. More easy-
eoing, grinning more, more talkative.
We did another nine sessions and he said he was feeling
his life had a thousand roads he could take. “I don’t mean in
theory. I mean I can taste them all out there. The possibilities.”
One more time the sheer power of the imagination was
driven home to me.
All we were doing was imagining various people and he
was describing what they were like, in detail. He was creating
them. And this, over a period of weeks, was changing his
moment-to-moment feeling about his life.
I said to him, “Suppose we did this about governments
instead of people. You invent a government and then I ask
you all sorts of questions about it. We do 50 sessions about
50 governments. And you suddenly feel that tremendous
feeling, but this time it’s about how the country could work,
about how any country could work ...”
“Sure,” he laughed. “And suppose I was the President or
a Senator to begin with.”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
343
We thought about that a little.
About how it all could and would work if people saw
through the basic Formula of the Secret Society to the wide
open spaces.
About how if enough of us want it, nothing can stop us.
How far can this exercise of “inventing people” go? What
might happen if Jim and I continue it for a year, two years? I
don’t know.
In Jim’s 30th session, he imagined a policeman.
What’s his name?
Michael.
What kind of work does he do?
Detective.
For whom?
The status quo.
What does he do?
Keeps the borders in place. Whatever it takes to keep the
prisoners in.
What does he look like?
An old stag. Lots of battle scars. He’s fought in all the
great wars.
What color are his eyes?
Cloudy gray. He doesn’t see so well anymore.
Lonely outpost?
Yes.
Where does he live?
In a room in a roominghouse. Always keeps his bags packed.
Two pairs of underpants, white wool socks, toothbrush,
slacks, a long lined coat for the weather. — It’s happening
again. I’m him. I’m Michael. I’m getting hits of how he feels.
The cold air on his skin. The night. Walking alone along a wall,
guarding a border. This is more than the last time. I’m getting
a whole feeling about his life as if it’s mine. How he lives. His
dedication. His loneliness. For some reason ... it’s liberating ...344
Jon Rappoport
The next day Jim told me he felt as if a load had been
lifted from him. “I don’t why,” he said. “This isn’t rational.
I’m imagining it and suddenly it’s so real ... and then I feel
different. Free.”
I described the sessions we were having to a writer-friend,
and asked him why he thought Jim was having these expe-
riences. “When you’re writing a novel,” he said, “things are
built to fit in a tighter way, but you’re having him invent
without any strings. It’s very free, and then you're doing it
often and in a concentrated way. It’s the freedom, I think.
There are no limits on where he can go. He can imagine
whoever he wants to, and then describe him in detail ...
plus, most novels are imagined in such a way that they
describe limited worlds, very limited situations, and the
writer, after years of doing this, falls into a pattern of invent-
ing similar kinds of limited people.”
Jim said to me, “I hope people understand that the imagi-
nation functions on so many levels. People in power keep
telling themselves they’re living in a world, in a society that’s
tremendously restricted, and that they have to obey the rules
and create within a very narrow range. But that’s not true at
all. That’s just their collective fiction. That’s what they’re the
victims of. That’s their problem. They really believe that what
they’re imagining has some exterior proof. Do you know
what I mean? They think they can’t go any faster because
the universe, society, whatever, is going more slowly, and
they have to obey. But if enough of us stop buying that, if
enough of us rip that particular phone out of the wall, it’s a
new ballgame. A very new ballgame.”
In Jim’s 36th session, he chose
was a runner:
a woman named Sally, who
“She does cross-country,” he said.
Where?
Colorado. I see lots of hills and snow too. She runs in
shorts. She has tremendous stamina.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
345
What color is her hair?
Black. She has it pinned up.
Lipstick?
No. No makeup.
Does she paint her toenails?
No. She wears yellow and black running shoes. She moves
over the hills at a very brisk pace. No sign of tiring.
What is she thinking?
She’s thinking about the sun, that it’s warm up that high.
And about a meal she’s going to order at a Chinese restaurant
tonight. Cashew vegetables. Egg drop soup. She can see the
steam coming up from the plates.
What color are the plates?
Light blue. Large. Silver covers on the hot food.
How far is she running today?
Ten miles. She’s floating. She feels very excited but calm
at the same time.
Where was she born?
In Mexico. She came over here when she was nine on a
truck in the middle of the night. Got over the border with
her family ...
And so it went. Most of the time there were no spectacular
occurrences during the sessions. But Jim began to feel more
free. His sense of his own life, and the possibilities for our
world expanded in his mind and in his feelings.96
Opening up and using the imagination is the most
profound form of education.
Those who think they know what human limits are have
never made any substantial part of the climb. They have
simply adopted a knowing attitude and used that to substi-
tute for first-hand knowledge. None of us knows how high
We can go.
Is it possible that those in the Tradition who say we have
actually created this universe may be right? To answer no
categorically would be to reveal one’s ignorance. I am not
suggesting that a person should substitute a vague belief that
he is superman for the ability to earn a living, pay the rent,
and enjoy life. And I am certainly not suggesting that a
person should parlay a belief in the infinite possibilities of
the imagination into membership in a limiting group. That
would be the height of absurdity, which you can certainly
see from having read this book.
But I must say that the most absurd thing I can think of is
believing that we are ordinary, that life is ordinary, that no
one has ever had a major agenda of controlling the human
race.
I have a great deal more to say about how I think we can
expand and extend our power through our creative invention.
But this book is done and my points are made.
This is the first core-sample.
The reason I concentrated so heavily on the CIA and the
Nazis is that those partially hidden groups seem to be able
to exert large amounts of power in controlling events ... and
they tie in with corporate interests which, through upward
funneling, are in the process of taking over the economic and
political functioning of the planet.
346The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
347
The ignorance of this on an historical level is profound.
For example, Charles Higham, writing in his amazing and
authoritative book, Trading with the Enemy, provides a capsule
summary of the activities of ITT during World War II. Show
me a school textbook that mentions this:
After Pearl Harbor the German army, navy, and air force
contracted with ITT for the manufacture of switchboards,
telephones, alarm gongs, buoys, air raid warning devices,
radar equipment, and thirty thousand fuses per month
for artillery shells used to kill British and American
troops. This was to increase to fifty thousand per month
by 1944. In addition, ITT supplied ingredients for the
rocket bombs that fell on London, selenium cells for
dry rectifiers, high-frequency radio equipment, and
fortification and field communication sets.
Without this supply of crucial materials it would
have been impossible for the German force to kill
American and British troops, for the German army to
fight the Allies in Africa, Italy, France, and Germany,
for England to have been bombed, or for Allied ships
to have been attacked at sea.
Here is
amemorandum sent on February 26, 1942, from
R.T. Yingling, a U.S. State Department attorney, to the Assis-
tant Secretary of State, Breckinridge Long: “It seems that the
International Telephone and Telegraph Corporation (ITT)
which has been handling traffic between Latin American
countries and Axis-controlled points with the encouragement
or concurrence of the Department of State desires some assur-
ance that it will not be prosecuted for such activities. It has
been suggested that the matter be discussed informally with
the Attorney General ...”
Higham comments, “Whether or not the [trading with
enemy] license was issued, the [ITT] trading was continued
with the assurance that neither the State Department nor the
Department of Justice would intervene.”
Using this historical platform as a jumping-off place, what
is one to think, in analyzing the CIA-aided coup which over-348
Jon Rappoport
threw President Allende of Chile in 1973, when it turns out
that, known to many people, ITT and the CIA together
engineered a truckers’ strike in Chile that helped paralyze the
economy of the nation, destabilize the Allende administra-
tion, and set the stage for a revolution that would murder
Allende and elevate the vicious fascist, pro-Nazi General
Augusto Pinochet, to dictator of the country?
In September of 1973, when the coup came, there was
terror in the streets, as “possible security threats” to the new
regime were arrested and tortured and murdered. Among
the thugs doing all this were: Chilean Secret Police (DINA)
coordinating with members of the Chilean Nazi Party.
Three years later, Orlando Letelier, Allende’s ambassador
to the United States, would be blown up in a car outside the
Chilean embassy in Washington.
The main perpetrator, the American Michael Townley, was
assigned the hit by the new dictator, Pinochet, who was
openly pro-Nazi. Who was Townley? Why, he was the man
who had designed the electronic torture rooms at Colonia
Dignidad, the 30,000-acre Nazi center in Chile, which is still
operating today.
Nazis, CIA, powerful corporations.
Reminiscent of the 1954 CIA-staged coup in Guatemala,
in which the elected president, Jacobo Arbenz Guzman, was
overthrown. Three corporations controlled the economy of
that country, the largest of which was United Fruit. UF was
terrified that Guzman would nationalize it. Terrified also
were the 1100 families which ran the country of four million
people, the families which owned half the arable land.
Such a versatile secret society, the CIA.
In 1976, the Church Committee, representing the govern-
ment of the United States, reported that the CIA, prior to 1967,
had secretly published or sponsored or subsidized over a
thousand books printed in the United States. Orwellian, to
be sure. Who knows how many points of view which were
repeated and expanded in the press and public — points of
view on vital matters having to do with politics and the Cold
War and technology — had originally been bought and paid
for by the Agency?The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
349
The above several points about the CIA were part of a
final discussion about this book with Ginger, the nurse who
had participated in my “dream experiment” detailed in earlier
chapters. Ginger wanted to know why I considered the role
of the CIA so important in the annals of secret societies.
“No one knows how extensive their territory is,” I said.
“When I talk to former Agency employees, most of them are
only aware of the Agency’s work in their own field and one
or two other provinces. I think CIA is just a word used for
convenience to allow massive funds from Congress to flow
to what are essentially separate kingdoms, and to give a
legitimacy to activities — which, as strange as they are, are
only a cover for more bizarre programs.”
Ginger asked, “Do you really think the CIA has a number
of areas of interest that nobody knows about?”
“Sure. But even in the areas we hear about, now and then,
there is incredible ignorance. How many people know that
the CIA kept secret files on American artists? Not just the
FBI but the CIA. The reporter, Herbert Mitgang, researched
this extensively. The Agency had files on the novelist John
Cheever, on John Steinbeck, William Saroyan, Lillian
Hellman. There are lots of others. This is the CIA, which isn’t
permitted to undertake any activities at all in the U.S.”
The information that you just presented on ITT ... my father fought in
the Second World War.
ITT was not the only U.S. corporation involved. Not by a
long shot.
If my father knew that, if lots of soldiers from that time knew that ...
This would be a different country.
You say the globalization of corporate power is the modern version of
the Church.
Yes, as the central office for power on the planet. More
and more power is running through this structure. I present
it as an evolving structure, not one that is static and has been
in perfect place for centuries. These corporate men discover,
as time passes, as they become more in control, how success-
ful cooperation can be. This secret society structure coalesces
over time and fits more firmly together.350
Jon Rappoport
When you say secret society, do you mean oaths and ceremonies and
blood and all that?
I define secret society in the Introduction. It’s an organized
group that has a secret agenda whose purpose is to control
and dominate others. When you strip the fancy stuff away,
that’s what you're left with.
And in the case of the corporate machine, tt isn’t left or right politically.
I have seen people who have the most infantile sense of
politics in this country, who feel that real power passes back
and forth every four years when the President is elected.
These people are sure there is no conspiracy because this
elected “power” changes hands. This is such a babyish point
of view, it’s almost charming. Get out the diapers and the
crying towel. The conspiracy is an evolving upward funnel-
ing of power that passes through the corporations, three
hundred of which own 25% of the world’s productive capac-
ity. At least. Now, these men don’t care about left or right or
Demo or Republican. Trust me. The racists in this country
and the fascists and the fake Christians who really want to
start a race war ... all those types exist whether the regime is
Demo or Repub. So do the pharmaceutical companies which
produce demonstrably poisonous compounds for general
consumption. Now when the Repubs are in power maybe
the pharmaceutical cartel and the money for medical research
that will end up with more toxic drugs takes a slight, slight
dip. Maybe, just a touch. And when the Demos are in power
maybe the racist fascist activity of good old boys who are
really home-grown Nazis takes a very slight dip. Maybe. But
the reality is, the overwhelming course of the nation is taken
regardless of who sits in the White House. I am not against
government. I ran for U.S. Congress in 1994, in a very strenu-
ous campaign, and I know lots of armchair critics of the nation
and the government who can barely get up from their pie and
ice cream and talk to an audience of thirty people about what
is going on in this world. But the vital fact is, if Washington
power is monstrously pro-corporate, regardless of political
party — and with Bill Clinton we can now say with surety
that that is true — then for the foreseeable future we need to
use Our imaginations to craft many, many worlds of livingThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
351
and enterprise that exist in a self-sufficient way. We need to
make many real worlds of community separate from
Washington. We need to do that while we try to keep the
corporations from drowning the world in toxins of one kind
or another. It’s not an easy job. In 1996 I started something
called The Great Boycott, which was an attempt to get people
to stop buying the products and stock of the eight biggest
pesticide companies in the world. It’s also an effort to boycott
working for these companies. The Boycott is still going, and
I’m happy to say that other people are running it now. Again,
I discovered that lots of armchair critics were unwilling to
get up off their asses and help out on this or on any decent
boycott, of which there are many. That’s where imagination
comes in — as in, are you willing to exercise yours? One of the
big political barriers in this country — and I really consider
it more an excuse than a barrier — is that the important
decisions are made by the Demos and the Repubs and we
have to choose between them as our most important job. That
is sheer baloney, and of a very cheap variety. We have to go
way beyond that.
You keep saying the secret society influence substitutes its own
imagination for ours.
Its job, if you will, has been to submerge our own imagina-
tions, to make us think that what we project out there, what
we create, what we can invent, is meaningless, unimportant.
Once that pinnacle of fascism has been reached, then whether
we favor the left or the right is very minor. We’re done for.
We’re asleep. We’re in someone else’s world. We’re suckers
who believe we have to go along with the major programs
extant on Earth and pick and choose among the collection
of bad programs. The best of the worst. That’s the modern
definition of maturity.
This 1s a two-sided coin. The secret society and us.
Yes. The Formula of the Secret Society, to make a world
out of art and convince us that it’s the best one, the only one,
the one to live in, the only one to live in. And then there is
the far-ranging use of our own imaginations, and what we
can do with that. From now on, I hope that whenever you come
across one of these armchair critics you demand that he come352
Jon Rappoport
up with workable products of his own open imagination.
You see, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that we can
each create many, many realities, and I have seen the result
of that on many fronts. It’s life, wild fantastic serene life. I’m
basically an artist who got involved in politics and found
that art was the trick of the ages. That’s what they have used
to ensnare us, and we have the creative power to invent our
way out of that, and we need to do it. That’s really the bottom
line. When I concoct these various experiments, like the one
you agreed to do, I’m trying to move ahead and put more
muscle in the imagination, I’m trying to extend the range
and the power and show at the same time that we can make
our own worlds. If readers think they can do a better job by
using the imagination in more fantastic experiments, I’m not
in the business of building a consensus about a method. Go
for it.
You don’t necessarily think the same thing works for everybody.
I know it doesn’t. There are people who are so tied up in
being part of someone’s world, or their own inhibiting world,
that what they need is to shake loose from that. But the point
is, we have a Tradition in history of trying to free the imagina-
tion, a largely invisible Tradition. It’s there if you'll see it. At
times it just says the Imagination is a wonder and it is the
greatest wonder we have. At other times the Tradition goes
much farther and tries to put into effect ways of liberating
and extending the power of the imagination.
It’s rather amazing that China ts the nation that is trying to take Tibet
apart.
Materialism meets imagination. Well, as Clinton shows his
showbiz supporters what he is really made of by essentially
ignoring the whole Tibetan tragedy, he also says, This is the
age of corporations and that is the most important thing.
There is no way Clinton can stand up and say we will keep
corporations out of the largest market in the world simply
because the Chinese government is a murderer of its
neighbors. The ubiquitous they would kill Clinton or bring
him down for that. He would be another Arbenz or an
Allende all of a sudden. Gone. Blowing in the wind.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
353
Upward funneling.
Yes. A casualty of upward funneling. As time passes,
power learns. We have to understand that. We’re not dealing
with a static image of unchanging empire. These CEOs and
their bankers and their Trilateral and Bilderberg and CFR
clubs learn how to deal with their enemies and their own
plans and ambitions. As the world shrinks and as they get
more territory in the monopoly game, they can see the end-
game come closer. This isn’t conspiracy theory. It’s just the
way things go. It’s the game they’re playing.
You think that new technologies can make a big difference.
That’s one reason I stressed the CIA-Bechtel connection.
The secret society influence in the realm of technology exists,
just from the clubbiness of it all, if from nothing else. But if
you read, say, Gene Mallove’s book, Fire From Ice, you see
that cold fusion is not a hoax. Far from it. It is a door opening
into a strange world that is real, that holds out the potential
for bringing vast energy resources down to the level of the
energy pack and the individual, and I mean any individual
in the world. This is a kind of empowering I want to see, one
that ignores all the baloney about what color your skin
happens to be or what country you were born into or who
your family is or what your connections are to the secret
police or how much money you have in the bank or any of
that.
When I tell people about the writing down of dreams I’ve been doing,
they think I’m just writing down my dreams — not that I’m inventing
them.
It’s great that you’re running into that. It shows what kind
of blind spot most of us really have. People say, who cares if
you have a man sitting there “inventing people” and answer-
ing all sorts of questions about them. Who cares? What good
is it? And I say, who cares if you’re going out there every day
and every night and living a life that could be lived by a
robot? Who cares if you do the same thing every day and
believe that that’s what life has to offer? Who cares if you
have no idea how great the imagination can be? Who cares?
Most people, first of all, don’t realize what it means when354
Jon Rappoport
someone like you does twenty or thirty powerful sessions in
which you invent dreams. The number doesn’t register. And
then you keep doing it on your own for how long?
I have about 150 dreams in my book.
To really comprehend that, you have to do it.
Do you actually think we can, say, materialize objects?
We already do. I believe some of the paranormal experi-
ments I’ve cited in the book indicate that. We create energy.
Or if you want to be more bizarre, we use a non-energic force
that moves energy and shapes it. But I believe the former is
true, regardless. From that point, it’s just a matter of degree.
How much can you create? That’s why the statements of the
Tibetans about our creating the world aren’t that wild at all.
And when you come at it from the direction of art, from that
experience, you know something about the power of imagina-
tion in your bones, in your soul. A vase that is sitting on a
table where a second ago there wasn’t one. But even if you
find this hard to swallow, or don’t believe the possibility of
it at all, you should still be able to discover that through the
imagination we can remake this civilization and bring it much
closer to justice, beauty, the heart, and all the other virtues
we pay lip service to. That is eminently possible to bring off.
And the secret society influence is to do that according to another set
of values.
The values of control, domination, slavery.
You told me that as recently as 1986, there is evidence that the CIA
has been at it again, secretly financing books.
Herbert Mitgang, in his book, Dangerous Dossiers, cites the
instance. William Casey, then head of the CIA, had paid
$107,430 to a Harvard professor named Nadar Safran, to
“finance” a book that was called Saudi Arabia: The Ceaseless
Quest for Security. A California Congressman at the time, Don
Edwards, who was a former FBI agent, made a pretty shock-
ing statement about this. He said,
... Have we forgotten that ten years ago this behavior
produced a major controversy and the CIA was forced
to stop publishing books? The public is entitled to knowThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
355
if ... we [are] back to the bad old days when we didn’t
know which book was a CIA plant or if any particular
professor’s research was his or her own or was dictated
by the Agency. How many books, magazines, and
newspapers are there in the U.S. that are in reality CIA
propaganda? How many professors and clergymen are
on its payroll?
When does it stop?
We like to think that exposing something puts an end to it
and it becomes passé. But usually research uncovers scandals
from ten or twenty years earlier and everybody prefaces the
public disclosure by saying, This isn’t being done anymore,
of course. Remember? That’s the way they opened the CIA
MKULTRA hearings in 1977. The truth is, when the disclosers
are the government they make nice and try to placate the
public by assuring one and all that “the danger” is over. We
are still largely like recalcitrant Catholics wandering around
inside the Sistine Chapel entranced by the Michelangelo
ceiling and convinced that somehow God must have created
the universe and set the tone and values for its future. But
we also see the bright hues where twenty years ago the soot
had gathered, before the grand restoration and cleaning, we
know something about the history of Western art — and yet
we feel compelled to believe, to want to live inside the art
rather than appreciate it fully for what it is, a creation of the
imagination. In the same way we are still to a degree inside
the art of the Cold War, and we cannot view the entire art of
the period and the facts of military and economic life that
lay behind it with a comprehensive grasp.
You always emphasize the art of the secret society.
Yes, and the basic reason is, it is in fact art. This is so impor-
tant to see. Why? Because if you just think that evil institu-
tions and bad governments and inhuman corporations are
pushing their programs on people, then the response is to
say: The people must push back. And although that is true,
it is only a part of the story. The truth is, the Formula of the
Secret Society and ultimately organized life on this planet
consists of art that is dedicated to deceiving and then356
Jon Rappoport
controlling people. When you really see this, you begin to
glimpse the fact that these artists can be outcreated by us —
and if we do that, we build and evolve institutions that are
not simply pushing back, they are outflanking and out-
distancing and outcompelling the controllers. Then we really
have done something. Then we have taken giant steps toward
re-structuring the whole basis of society. Then we have built
another world. Other worlds. That is called victory.
What about the power of tricks in secret society methods?
There are an endless number of them. People have written
about that. The hypnotic, as a subject, itself has an array of
devices. Tone of voice, soothing quality, the authoritative
presence, the rolling tones of preachers. All this applies to a
leader, to a person who’s trying to get himself and his ideas
across to influence others. There are a million tricks in that
bag right away. Ways, for example, of putting people into an
alpha-wave brain state in which they tend to be more recep-
tive to suggestions. Then, of course, when lunatics get into
force, into the sort of mind control where force is used, torture
itself, duress — these things make people perform accord-
ing to command. That has always been true, whether elec-
tric shocks or hammers are the weapon. Students tend to focus
on the details of mind control, as if that’s the whole story.
But it isn’t. The overall context is the one I’ve brought out
into plain view in this book. The art-universe of others draw-
ing you in and helping you to forget and put aside your own
creative powers, your own imagination as the fountainhead
of your life, your aspirations, your future, your power.
You laid out a spectrum of creation that included an unusual array of
qualities.
I hope people focus on that. I don’t think this has ever
been pointed out before in a cogent way. When we say create
or imagine or invent, we are talking about a whole series of
actions and attitudes that are not normally included together
in the same fold. Theater, I think, is the best place to start
with this. In the theater you create by entering into a different
state. You merge with a persona, you become it, you display
the persona’s voice and the hills and valleys it takes, youThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
357
project ideas and images. And much more. These are all ways
of creating, of imagining and putting into effect various states
and realities. There are other ways. You can conjure, you can
evoke, you can manufacture a thought, you can worship, you
can dance. The more ways you find that are really creation
and imagination, the more new ones you come across. Let’s
call this whole thing a spectrum. It’s not that organized, but
it gives some idea of what’s possible. We move with fluidity
through these different ways of creation. That’s our style
naturally. That’s what we do. It’s the Formula of the Secret
Society to try to slow this down, freeze this process, solidify
the person.
If I can make the molecules of water on a glass plate shift around ever
so slightly with my mind ...
Then the physicists, whether they like it or not, have to
rethink the whole idea of the physical universe. Your imagina-
tion at work in bringing about some sort of reality in which
those molecules move — that event has caused an instant
revolution in the human assessment of the cosmos. The
universe can no longer be considered ultimately as a closed
system that runs like a clock. Or like a river or a series of
wells or oceans or whatever. No description of the universe
as an ultimate thing or process always apart from us is going
to work. This is what I mean. All so-called materialists and
realists like to imagine that the universe has its own laws
that are in some way superior to us. We can learn how the
universe works. We can learn the pattern and polish our
learning of it and praise ourselves for studying the pattern
and all of that, but we are basically the students of this
fantastic thing or process called the Universe. That’s how
these people think. And they are quite satisfied with that.
And they try to say that any of us who claims to affect the
universe directly with his mind is far off the mark, because
nothing in the physical study of the physical mechanism of
the brain or the body would suggest that we possess that
kind of power ... and they, the eminent scientists of the age,
are certainly not going to abandon or subvert their own
method of studying things from a purely physical point of
view. That would be treason. That would bring forward a358
Jon Rappoport
sea of chaos in the world of science. That’s how they think.
And meanwhile, the amazing and the fantastic and the
unbelievable has already happened. The literature of fifty years
and more on the subjects of paranormal research has shown
that we are able to affect the universe and change it with our
minds. This has been happening. The statistics show this as
clearly as statistics imply the conclusions of any universally
accepted scientific studies in any field. What I am describing
here is a battleground that touches on the central issue. Your
imagination in its evolving power as opposed to those artists
who have taken on the mission of the Secret Society: to flood
and obscure and ultimately bury your imagination. That is
what is going on.
Then the philosophy of materialism has a lot to do with this.
There is no such philosophy. It’s a bigger sham than any
snake-oil salesman you can find. A philosophy is coherent.
All of our experience tells us that we are not dead electrons
and photons. The premise that we are subatomic particles
has no basis. Absolutely none. I hope people understand this,
or come to understand it. Once you say the word I, once you
think of human beings and we and they and all the rest, the
question comes racing at you like a train: How can you say I
am nothing more than electrons? Under what guise can you
say that? You can only say you are looking with certain instru-
ments that give you a certain field of objects, and those
objects at the lowest level are electrons and quarks. That
doesn’t mean I am a collection of quarks, it just means that
wherever you observe and look with the instruments of phys-
ics you find those particles — or the assumed effects of them.
That’s all. And the materialists walk around posing as if they
know something, as if what they have found out somehow
automatically applies to the I. That transference factor is not
real, it is fake, it is just an assumption with no more merit
than the assumption that a dragon is carrying the universe
on his back. But a person who claims to be a materialist can
walk around affecting an attitude of earnestness and knowing
and swagger and world-weariness and all the rest of what
passes for authority. He can do that. But it doesn’t mean he
knows anything. A tremendous amount of delusion has to beThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
359
assumed to come up with the idea that you are electrons. On
the other hand, that doesn’t mean at all that God exists and
we have to read the Bible and Jesus was His son and all the
rest of that mythology. Religion doesn’t have to be imported
to make anything make sense. Let me put it to you this way.
Think of yourself getting up on a podium and arguing to a
vast collection of educated men and women that you person-
ally are a bunch of electrons which is studying other electrons
and this is what all research is. Yes. You are a bunch of
electrons which somehow is imbued with the idea — what-
ever that is — that you are alive, and starting from that
delusion you are examining other electrons. Think of this.
How can you be a materialist unless you believe that all
electrons are fundamentally the same? There are not alive
electrons and dead electrons, because alive is a term that only
has meaning if you starkly assert another dimension of
existence altogether — and then you are departed from the
level called materialism. So you have to say that electrons
are just matter and they have somehow been prompted to
study other electrons, much like a rock would wake up one
day when it has no quality that would permit it to do so.
And having awakened, it would then proceed to investigate
other rocks while remaining itself a rock. That is an absurdity
on the face of it, and it is also absurd given the usual defini-
tions of electron and matter and rocks and so on. So materi-
alism, which is a kind of souped up propaganda, is used as
yet another way to minimize the imagination — since imagi-
nation gives birth to all sorts of ideas and feelings which take
us into a dimension far from rocks and electrons and dead
matter.
If art hasn't taken us through into the next evolutionary level, how
can we believe that certain kinds of exercises to extend the imagination
are going to do it?
Art did take us through to new levels. And art isn’t
finished. As you’ve seen, inventing dreams is a very power-
ful experience when you do it long enough. And so is the
invention of other people or beings. But of course it looks
weird because we have such a gigantic blind spot in our view
of history, in our opinion of what our potential is, in our360
Jon Rappoport
opinion of what we are. So to just take the issue on with frank
frontal exercises seems odd. The imagination is in disuse?
All right, stretch it, and keep using it and do it freely without
any prior limiting assumptions or constraints or mythologies
that must be obeyed. That’s the injunction, that’s the plan.
Let me tell you where I stand on this. I am in the process of
devising different methods for increasing the power and
scope of the imagination. Which increase can be applied to
any field, to any area of life. And I believe there are no outer
limits on that power or scope. That is where I am. That is the
project I have jumped into. There is nothing secret about it,
and I intend to share whatever I find out. But if you think
you have better, faster, more powerful ways of going about
the same thing, by all means do it. A debate about what works
is the last thing I’m interested in. This is not doctrinal. This is
about the future. This is open. This is work for anyone. The
great platform for the human race is imagination. And I
believe that when we understand all this better, we will see
with our own eyes and minds that what has been called,
through the ages, enlightenment, salvation, ascension, cosmic
consciousness, self-realization, bliss, unconditional love,
universal compassion are all attempts to describe what
happens when the imagination becomes prime and goes far
beyond the present barriers we assume are its boundaries.Epilogue
Jack True, the late hypnotist I interviewed in an earlier
chapter, had spoken with me at some length about secret
societies and his work with ex-members.
“T don’t like to be called a deprogrammer,” he said,
“because that implies in people’s minds a lot of kidnapping
and shoving people into cars and speeding away from the
front doors of cult headquarters. People just came to me and
I worked with them, mainly because I wanted to see what
was holding them back from simply putting a former life
behind them.”
Jack True was a fascinating person. He had an informal
collection of people who toiled in large corporations who
passed him exceedingly interesting information...
The following is an excerpt from a conversation we had
about people from secret societies. And other related matters.
Jon Rappoport: You told me you tried to hypnotize several artists.
Jack True: Yes. These were definitely not New Age types.
The sessions went absolutely nowhere.
Why not?
Because they were way ahead of me. They had an intuitive
grasp of the fact that I was acting as a source of inspiration,
so to speak, and they already knew all about that. They didn’t
need more sources of inspiration.
Are there anti-creativity forces in the society at large?
Yes. You find it wherever there is a group that tries to take
power from individuals and use it for the common good. The
common good means control of society in that case. It means
“national security.” It means all that, whenever somebody
361362
Jon Rappoport
says the power an individual holds must be stolen from him
and transferred to the world or the nation.
There are key events in history that are used to put down the creativity
of the individual, that are used to reduce the power of all individuals.
It’s done by the raising of a certain sentiment that we are all bad; we
all have to be hogtied in some way to keep us from exercising our bent
for destruction. There’s no distinction made between the people who
did evil and those who didn’t. It’s a particular kind of propaganda that
follows horrible events like the Nazi holocaust, like the dropping of the
atomic bomb on Hiroshima, like the announcement of global warm-
ing. Somehow, on an almost subliminal level, the inference is taken
that we are all responsible for those things in a way that should pro-
hibit us from using our creativity — that 1s, power — when creativity
is exactly what can provide us with new solutions that can take this
world far beyond what we've managed to enact as a race so far.
I’ve hypnotized people who illustrate what you’re talking
about. When I fish around in their landscapes, their inner
spaces, I find interesting things. They have areas of passivity,
and you can actually visit these and carry on a discussion
with them talking to you from those places.
From the passivity.
Yes. They'll talk to you from those spaces, as if they’ve
just driven there in their cars and parked, and now the fog is
settling in and the radio is on in the car and they’re waiting
for nothing in particular and they’re talking.
Is it possible you're inducing them to imagine these places when they
don’t otherwise exist?
Sure. At times. But remember, I’m not talking here about
faithful records of events that happened to them when they
were six, I’m talking about what people will give you below
the surface, and the answer is they’ll give you the most
fantastic stories. People will tell you about cloudy borders,
for example, where there is a great deal of sleep going on,
where there is a kind of psychic texture, as it were, a thin
cloudy or foggy matter that is very passive and very relaxed
and very much without opinion about anything. Passive. And
the more you elicit comments from them when they are in
these places, the more you feel that they are reporting to youThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
363
honestly — with imagery — about parts of their lives, about
states of mind that are quite familiar to them. They sense
their own passivity. They wallow in it. I’ve had people who
could hardly get the words out of their mouths because their
jaws were so relaxed. They’Il talk about rivers, very slow
warm rivers of bathwater and they are lying in boats or on
rafts and the temperature is getting warmer and they are
floating and watching television sets at low volume. At first
you think they’re back in the womb, but it isn’t that. It’s more
pervasive than that. You get beds and restaurants and food
and the easy restful states, and the more you explore the more
of this kind of thing you find. It takes up a lot of psychic
inner space.
The creativity is shut down?
To a great degree.
You find this with a lot of people?
Yes. I take it to mean that the sum of the effect of the
culture we live in brings this about.
It brings tt about as long as people do not wake up to the fact that they
can create widely on their own.
That’s right. I once hypnotized a man who had dropped
out of medical school and he gave me that experience as if it
had been a secret society. Do you understand what I’m
saying?
I’m not sure.
When under hypnosis I get the recounting of experiences
out of the heart of a cult or a secret society, I usually get,
right off the bat, a flatness in the report, in the memory.
Everything has a sameness to it, as if it itself had originally
taken place under a state of hypnosis.
No emotion.
Much less than you would expect. Much less of everything.
Why?
Because the person had been overloaded.
With what?
With reality. He had been fed from a source, the prime364
Jon Rappoport
source of that group.
You mean information?
Basically, yes. But also rules, ways of behaving, customs,
and so on.
A universe was made for him that had so many details he didn’t have
time to make his own.
This man told me about endless classes and rounds in a
hospital and sleepless nights and all the questions he was
asked and all the memorization he had to do. He had no time
to ask his own questions and have a healthy attitude of
skepticism toward the system he was being indoctrinated
into. So he fell into a kind of hypnotic state, and that’s what
came out when I put him under. The passivity appeared front
and center. The man had a really rich fantasy life that had to
do with vacation spots and places away from civilization and
magical drugs and water and sleep, and all this came out in
very vivid detail.
Could you talk to this man as if he were in Hawai or wherever tt was?
Yes. And the whole thing felt quite real, as if he were
reporting on a vacation he had taken or was taking now.
What was the therapeutic effect of this?
It seemed terrific at first, but the effect wore off rather
quickly.
Because?
Because he was missing a link in the whole process. This
could be a very long discussion, but I’ll try to capsulize it.
The hypnotic state is quite real, and it doesn’t need an opera-
tor like me to induce it. It’s a real state of consciousness. What
I do is hurry the process along, I get the person there faster
and I get him there as if he’d taken a ride on a train and that
was the station. Do you see? When a person creates, he moves
in and out of that state — which is actually a huge number
of different states. Because there isn’t just one level called
The Hypnotic. When a person creates, he moves through a
tremendous number of different perceptions and states. You
can’t catalogue them all and arrange them neatly. The creative
process isn’t a single process and it doesn’t have a rulebookThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
365
— although there are lots of eager beavers out there in the
social sciences who want to organize it. They’1l make their
own absurd beachhead and call it creativity or whatever, and
it’ll turn out just to be another office building with rooms
and rules and little certificates and grant monies will be
thrown in that direction. But when you hypnotize a person
you reduce the complexity of the process he himself might
go through to arrive at the place you took him to, and you
also give some importance to the place you took him to, when
he himself might give that place less or more importance on
his own. If he is going to change in a solid way, he has to go
through the whole process himself from the beginning, he
has to engage in a more creative undertaking. That’s what I
moved into in my work. Ways of bringing people into more
active states, so that they could invent their own changes
and move out of their own passivities.
You could say that the medical profession 1s a secret society.
Actually, that’s a good label. Think about this. It’s possible
that by the end of the century 8 million children in America
will be taking Ritalin, a form of speed, for Attention Deficit
Disorder. This is making addicts. It is doing it under the guise
of treating a “disorder” which is defined in the medical manu-
als by symptoms like “child gets out of his chair when he
should be sitting down,” or “shifts around in his chair.” That's
not an exact quote but it’s surprisingly close. And this so-called
disorder has never been nailed down to brain malfunction
or any biological malfunction. There are only theories, no
proofs. I could go on for quite awhile on this. But the point
is, doctors don’t have the free-floating intelligence to read
their own literature and manuals and realize what an incred-
ible and dangerous fraud is being perpetrated on the public.
The truth is there for any half-wit to see, but for some reason
the doctors don’t see it. They can’t. They’ve been brainwashed.
They’ve been trained in such a way — an illusion has been created for
them in which no fraud of this magnitude could possibly exist. The
same situation pertains for all the so-called neuroleptic psychiatric
drugs, about twenty of them. They regularly cause motor brain damage.
If you read Dr. Peter Breggin’s authoritative book, Toxic Psychiatry,
you'll come away with the conviction that between 300,000 and a366
Jon Rappoport
million cases of motor brain damage have been created in America
since 1954 by the use of these drugs — which are prescribed for all
sorts of “disturbed” Americans. How could this happen? Well, a very
successful form of mind-control has been applied to the doctors in
training. That’s the bottom line. A quite clever universe of “science”
and all that that implies has been built around the budding physician,
and because, for example, the emergency medical wing of the profession
does do much good, an unwarranted inference has been drawn about
the profession in general. On a 1993 Nightline program, during a
discussion about the Clintons’ proposed national health plan, it was let
slip that 15 million unnecessary surgeries are performed every year in
this country, and 60,000 people die from those unnecessary surgeries.
Think for a moment about the cult warning bells that go off with this
statistic. How can physicians who have ostensibly taken an oath to do
no harm first and foremost — how can these men and women ignore
this reality? Well, most of them are unaware of the statistic and would
automatically deny it if it came their way. How can they be unaware
of such an incredibly important fact? Again, a kind of closed universe
has been painted around these high-IQ professionals. Literally, a part
of their mind has been shut down to the truth. The art with which this
has been done is considerable. People want to go looking for ultra-
secret societies, but they can’t recognize the giants of the breed when
they are sitting there right in the middle of our world staring at us.
We could talk about the way the doctor is kept under constant pressure
during his training, about sleep-deprivation and all that — but the
basic factor is far deeper than that. The imagination of the doctor is
amputated, and with that clever piece of surgery the rest of the mind-
control flows naturally.
When I hypnotized this med-school dropout he reacted
in the way I would expect from a cult member. The usual
disorientation, the difficulty in dealing with the world around
him, as if he had been kept separate from it for a long time. A
confusion stemming from his compartmentalized mind.
Compartmentalized ?
Yes. I’m not talking about the development of a toughness
in the face of horrible physical tragedies. I’m talking about a
room in the mind where all the education is held in sterile
cabinets, away from any “contaminating influence.” How
was this accomplished? In part by the creation of a theatrical
holy quest for true science against the enemies with theirThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
367
flags of superstition.
I have never met a doctor who had the slightest idea of the extent of
research fraud in his own profession. As a reporter I researched it for
several years. But the doctors were ignorant of it, of the rampant fraud
afflicting the center of their profession. They weren’t aware of the deaths
and hospitalizations from Non-Steroidal-Anti-Inflammatory drugs —
seven to eight thousand deaths a year in one study — they weren't
aware of the accusations of conflict of interest and fraud concerning
studies on the drug Xanax, they weren’t aware of expert opinion from
within their own ranks on the widespread uselessness of chemotherapy
in the majority of cancers — even though the drugs are approved for
use on the public like clockwork. And on it goes.
The young man I hypnotized, the med-school dropout,
revealed a kind of naiveté about the real world. He was a
hothouse flower who was just waking up to the condition of
his professional birth. At moments, his state of mind reminded
me of Brave New World. The veneer is kindness and concern,
but underneath that, the pawns suffer from acute ignorance
of the facts of life.
Classic secret society attitudes.
Among the membership rank and file.
What other kinds of cult members asked you for help?
A good cross-section. I had a 33rd-degree Mason who was
part of a Lodge that had specialized in conspiracy theory. I
mean, anybody can call himself a Mason and start a Lodge,
so I don’t know what precise group this man belonged to.
But he saw everything as a plot in progress. There was no
such thing as casual conversation with him.
Did you put him under?
Yes. I got material about him trying to perform telepathy,
only the setup for it was inside the Lodge. In other words,
they had a ritual by which a person could attain to this capacity.
It involved a globe of the world and staring at it and a light
or series of lights in the ceiling, and some mumbo-jumbo
from the Bible read out loud. There were costumes and
references to historical texts of the esoteric variety. But these
books were just further variations on ceremonies and rituals.368
Jon Rappoport
He was participating in all this?
He was trying to shake it off. But he wasn’t a very bright
man in some ways. He had accepted the “Masons” as his
only ticket out of a humdrum existence. So when he began
to sense that they were conning him ...
How did this occur to him?
He felt he couldn’t do telepathy or anything else like that,
no matter how elaborately it was dressed up. He couldn’t
bring himself to fake it either. My sessions with him went
pretty much nowhere. Finally I applied the shredder, as I call
it. 1 took him on a walk around Los Angeles. We walked for
five or six hours in Hollywood, and the whole time he would
tell me how what he was seeing related to some conspiracy
to take world power and so on. I wasn’t prompting him in
the slightest.
A newspaper in a box on the sidewalk or an
office building were sufficient to trigger a lecture. Finally,
after about five hours, he began to see things as just things
on the street. It took him that long to get outside his box. Do
you see what I mean? Then he just talked to me and I talked
to him. That’s all it came down to.
Sounds almost like that patient you called Dr. Death.
Yes. There were similarities. Only Doctor Death was more
exciting. He was part of a cult that focused entirely on the
millennium and the apocalypse and the end of the world. I
think there was a sexual twist to it, but whatever it was, it
wasn’t giving him much pleasure. He alternated between
thinking he was “Doctor Death” and thinking that the Doctor
inhabited his body. I wasn’t opposed to dealing with the latter
idea, but it seemed to me in this case the only possession
was his own lock-up. He was in the grip of something more
interesting than he was. In life he was an office worker, but
after hours he turned into a wild thing, and he preferred the
wildness. He would go to cult meetings and sit in a circle
with other members and put curses on people outside the
group. He would claim that he was bringing them closer to
the coming Doom. He liked it. That was my take.
Did hypnotism help?
Not much. So I applied the old psychodrama trick. PlayThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
369
along. I found that when I acted like one of his potential
victims ... you see, I’d sit in my office and tell him, as if he
were the Doctor, that I was having problems, I was feeling
less healthy, a germ was slowing down my system. Gradually
he would take the initiative and tell me that maybe I was
under the influence of a certain person. One thing would
lead to another and finally he would say he was Doctor Death
and I was his victim. At that point I would ask him if there
was any way for me to shake him off. He would recommend
various exercises and rituals ...
How many times did you see him?
Forty or fifty before we were through. He just stopped
being Doctor Death.
He played it out.
Yes. It didn’t interest him anymore.
Did you ever see anyone from the intelligence community?
As a patient? Yes. A few.
[saw a man I believe was a real
assassin. He had retired from the service. It wouldn’t have
done any good to try to cut him off at the pass because he
had already been violent. He had killed people.
Did he say he was just acting on orders?
Yes. He also said he had been promised rewards. Several-
year vacations in the South Pacific, beautiful women, that
kind of thing. They hadn’t paid him off well. He felt they
had treated him badly. I put him under and he regressed to
South America in the ’60s. He was apparently part of a
program to teach police forces down there how to do torture.
Federally funded. He recalled torture sessions.
A man died.
After quite a long time of working with him I saw no change.
He didn’t go anywhere in the regressions. He would go over
the material and sometimes he would cry, but it didn’t really
move him. Finally the whole thing began to come apart.
What came apart?
He was very hateful toward his former employers. He
felt they had dragged him into the job from the beginning
because he had a certain profile. No emotion. But that was a
lie. He did have feelings. They had taken him from military370
Jon Rappoport
barracks and made him a killer. The orientation was very cult-
like. Loyalty to the group was first. It was a kind of brother-
hood of killers, at least in his unit. They didn’t light candles
and do incantations, but it came close to that. Anyway, as he
regressed into early times in the brotherhood, he got very
angry at his bosses. He got down on the floor in one session
and screamed. I wasn’t always sure who he was screaming
at. A lot of the time I couldn’t tell what was going on, what
he was regressing into. There were women he was having
sex with. They seemed to be supplied to him as part of his
pay. He never saw any of them more than a few times. He
went through strange training that had to do with perfor-
mance drugs, or possibly electromagnetic radiation. A lot of
the confusion, but not all of it, stemmed from the fact that he
felt compelled to hide things from me. The performance
drugs or machines allowed him to stay up for long periods
of time and go on training in the field in harsh conditions.
He would feel very up during those times. He could stay
awake for thirty-six hours and feel tremendous.
Did he ever come all the way out of his association with the team of
people he was loyal to?
No. He quit seeing me after about a year. I never saw him
again. I think he decided the murders he had committed had
cut him off from human society. He also thought that these
crimes were a way of trapping him in the group, a conscious
way his bosses had used. There was the good and the bad.
They would give him women, and also some sort of “enhance-
ment” that could keep him at peak field endurance in winter
conditions for weeks at a time. That was the good. And then
there was the killing — the bad. He felt that both the good
and the bad had been given to him to tie him to the group.
This good and bad all connected with weird fragments that
came out during his sessions. Little pieces of oaths and some
sort of assurances of immortality and gaining a place ina
high echelon after death. I put it together like this: He was
“permitted to explore good and evil” so that he could be a
true warrior, and this would elevate him to a place after death
that few people could wish for, let alone be installed in. It
really was a piece of gruesome theater that he was fed, andThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
371
he had taken it in. Or possibly he wasn’t fed it, but under
hypnosis he filled in blanks in this way. But at least some of
it sounded real to me, as if in his particular unit, at least,
there was a metaphysic about immortality and warriorship
as a prelude to that.
Do you think he was in the CIA?
I don’t know. I’ve had people come see me from all sorts
of groups. Every time the slavery aspect is there. They’re
trying to shake it off.
Do they usually succeed?
We've discussed this before. I came to the conclusion that
shaking things off is only a partial answer. It doesn’t pull
you all the way out of the water.
If you don’t see that there was a kind of art used to hook you in the first
place, and if you don’t see that you have the capacity for greater art ...
Yes. If you don’t see that, you’re still lacking.
Reminds me of modern life in general.
That’s why I stopped doing hypnosis on most people. The
modern idea that surrounds our society is that by being nice,
by being very nice you will fit into the system around you
and everyone else will be happy with you. The only thing is,
“everything around you” is hypnotic. I mainly find myself
doing reverse-hypnosis these days. I do things to wake people
up.
When young people are deprogrammed out of a difficult situation,
especially when the deprogrammung is handled by coercion, they always
seem to opt for a standard version of reality and they try to fit in with
the values they didn’t like in the first place, the values that led them to
rebel and join the cult or whatever it was.
Yes. That doesn’t give them much confidence for the long
haul. For the long haul, they need their own creative potential
turned on to the highest degree possible. But now you’re
talking about everything that is anti-hypnotic. That’s why I
couldn’t hypnotize those artists.
Getting back to the cult members ...
Thad one in particular who fit the bill you’re talking about.
They all did, but this was so obvious. He had belonged to a372
Jon Rappoport
Rosicrucian society of some kind in Europe for four or five
years. He was a businessman. Again, I’m sure this Lodge
was just using whatever mystical premises they wanted to
and called them Rosicrucian. I don’t put any stock in the
names of groups.
It’s all art. They paint them a mural and they say it’s ten thousand
years old and then they weave their stories.
Yes. This man had met, he felt, a being who was without
a physical body, during a ceremony in a small room in a
house. The being, he said, had come to him and promised
him that if he remained part of the group and worked very
hard to learn his lessons, he would be rewarded.
What kind of rewards?
It was Faust-like. Wealth, power, youth. The usual. But
apparently this being was very convincing.
And the man who was promised all this?
He didn’t know what to do. He was scared. By the time I
saw him, almost a year had passed. He was still in the group,
because he felt the attraction of this being and the possibility
that he would be raised out of an ordinary life into something
magnificent. That was the key. He didn’t have a clue about
his own power. It never occurred to him that he could get
what he wanted by creating it himself.
But the pull of this being...
That was what was trapping him. I decided not to fool
around with convincing him that this being was an apparition
or that he, the victim, had been given drugs and hypnotized
or whatever. I just took his report at face value. I just assumed
that a being who was outside a body had visited him and
showed him a taste of what he could get if he stayed in the
group. There seemed to be visions of some kind that this
being showed him.
Almost like the Church and tts cathedrals.
Very much like that. Give them the big stuff and they go
down on their knees. This being showed my man visions of
what he could be, how life could feel, what it could look like.
There were pools and gardens and the air was lovely andThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
373
my man felt young again. It was very compelling.
Smellovision.
Tasteovision, smellovision, surround sound, the works.
Convincing art.
And my man had no inking that ...
That he was an artist too. That’s what I’m talking about. Everybody
wants to feel that the real clue, the real payoff is on the outside, is
somewhere else, is going to be supplied from a distance by the people
who really know what's happening and so on. They are in the dark about
their own powers and their own potential and their own creativity. So
what happened?
It was futile to hypnotize this man, because he was already
in the grip of much better hypnosis than I could provide.
It reminds me of the Assassins, the old Middle East cult.
Yes. When they would drug the young aspirants with
plenty of hashish and carry them, passed out, out of the desert
into a beautiful oasis with pools. Very much like that. Beauti-
ful women at their beck and call as soon as they woke up.
They were told this was heaven and they believed it, because
the desert was all they knew.
And then they would be told that they would come back here after
they went out into battle and fought like crazy and died. They would
be rewarded by being transported out of that hot desert into the palace
and the gardens of heaven ...
And my man believed something like that from his
“guide,” his being who had shown him the visions. I talked
to him about creativity a little, just enough to see that he didn’t
have a clue about his own. He didn’t see that what had been
done to him was what’s done to soap opera audiences and
movie audiences. You get a hit of another world you think is
better, but you can’t get there on your own — that’s what
you think — so you keep reaching out and yearning for the
world of the soap opera, the world of the vision supplied by
other people, and you’re hooked. You feel that when you
come back from that glimpse of the art, as you say, that it is
better than what you have, and so you feel sad and unsettled
... just enough to know that the only way to assuage it is to374
Jon Rappoport
get another hit. Tomorrow. Same time, same station.
You couldn't make your man see that he had any kind of power that
could stretch him out of this bind he was in.
No. That was my problem. And it’s the problem that’s all
around us. I’m not just talking about cults and secret societies.
Anyway, what I did was take the role of the being. The demon.
Whatever you want to call him. We began a dialogue, I and
my man, with me playing the being.
Did your man go for it?
I was afraid he wouldn’t but he was okay.
What did this being look like, the one he described.
Vague. There was a glow, there was a lithe rippling very
strong body, there were eyes, there was a pacing around and
intent voice. So that’s who I was. We talked for a long time,
over a series of weeks, every day. My man was only in the
country for a short time and he was disturbed. He wanted to
resolve this issue. I played the part of “the being” and I began
to explain in detail how he had to be at my beck and call if he
wanted me to grant him the goodies. I could make him
younger, yes, but he had to do everything I said. This applied
to business decisions, to his marriage, and so on. Nothing
was his own, nothing was out of bounds for me.
How did he respond?
It took awhile for the whole thing to get off the ground,
for him to believe just a little that we had a conversation going
in this theatrical way, but eventually he came around. It was
a miracle, really, the transformation that took place. It turned
out that my man could play himself very well, he could
provide a level of intensity and emotion that was completely
missing from his own life. He loved it. He really did. Then
we switched roles. Again it was very difficult at first, but
finally he began to do a passable imitation of a very powerful
being from another dimension. He was able to put a little
wallop into it. He began ordering me around and telling me
all about how my life could change if I came over to his side
completely and the rest of it. He even began adopting stock
mannerisms of a sort of oppressive demon. Arched eyebrows,The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
375
expressions of disdain, hard stares, smooth but tough voice.
His body became more graceful as he moved. When I thought
he had gone to the top of that for the time being, he and I
had a down-to-earth conversation. Only then. Before that it
would have been futile.
Was he honest now?
He was, and I enjoyed it. He told me that a lot of the
pressure was off. He no longer felt so trapped in the exper-
ience of feeling that being’s presence. He felt stronger. Better
equipped to deal with his life. You see, some people would
say this was therapy, but they miss the whole point.
This is theater. Invention.
Well, yes. It’s a very integrated art form when you do role-
playing at this level, when you home in on an experience
that is key to the person’s life. Many times it doesn’t work,
it’s too soon, or the person won’t summon up the energy and
the imagination to actually play the parts. He’s determined
to stay exactly in the life he’s got. But in this case, my man
scored a victory. He really did. He didn’t say the whole visita-
tion of the being had been his own fantasy to begin with. He
didn’t disavow everything that had happened to him. Not
at all. But he wasn’t frightened.
After he left the country and went home ...
I sent him to a woman I know in Paris. She does the kind
of work I do. He saw her for a few months and he came out
of his shell even more. He didn’t quit his Lodge, which I
thought was a very brave thing. He stuck with it for another
year or So.
Because he wanted to find out about this being.
Exactly. You see, among the members there was a bit of
discussion about this other-worldly wizard or whatever they
called him. It wasn’t bandied about, but at the higher levels
of initiation the “guide” was mentioned as a kind of living
legend. The whole group seemed to get its push from that.
But they kept it very close to the vest. They talked about
“acting on orders” from this being — who would, of course,
according to their mythology, bring them closer and closer376
Jon Rappoport
to personal realization and enlightenment and all the rest of
it. The perfect Faust story.
The perfect secret society story. Religion story. Science story.
What do you mean?
Any story that has a punchline about your power being ultimately
supplied from forces that come from somewhere else, that act on their
own without reference to what you decide. It’s all geared to an unspoken
ideology in which you finally aspire to be the perfect pawn.
Well, my man was no longer a pawn. He wasn’t a complete
Hercules, but he had come a long way.
Did he ever see the being again?
No. After a year he got tired of the Lodge and quit. That’s
as long as he could wait. He told me he felt that the being, if
he was real, wouldn’t want to approach him because his
weakness had gone away and therefore he was now a risk.
He might not behave well. He might become argumentative.
He might spread dissension in the group.
But what about the beautiful paradise he had been shown? The better
life? The return to youth? All that?
Yes. He admitted he was still nostalgic for it. But now he
was seeking it for himself, as he put it. He was aware, he
said, that the promise of an extremely pleasurable world had
to do with a manipulation of forces within him.
Meaning what?
Meaning he felt that electromagnetically, if we can imagine
that level, he was aware that changes in his fields, the fields
that interpenetrated his body, could stimulate feelings of
pleasure and ecstasy. And not just sexually. I mean on the
levels of how you feel when you walk down the street and
look out at the world ... a nice day can become a great day. A
magnificent day. He felt he had somehow been manipulated
in that way to gain a glimpse of a different level of existence.
That’s pretty vague.
After I worked with that professional assassin I did some
research. Remember, he had talked about undergoing treat-
ments which allowed him to have tremendous enduranceThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
377
in field exercises that lasted thirty-six hours. No sleep at all.
Harsh conditions. He also talked about a feeling of exhila-
ration the whole time. At first I thought this was just
drugs. Speed. Something like that. But I found a reference
in a military-conference summary to possible experiments
with devices. Machines. Equipment. From what I could
gather there was electromagnetic manipulation, and it was
done for the purpose of beefing up the endurance of small
groups of soldiers on the battlefield.
And this has been done?
I believe so, but I can’t swear to it. At the time it was still
in the experimental phase.
All right. But my point 1s, whatever had happened to your man in his
moments with that “demon”
or whatever he was, it was an experience.
It came and went. It wasn’t a capacity being exercised, the way I can
exercise the magic of music, for example, if I can actually play the piano
very well. Your man may have felt elevated, but he just found himself
in a beautiful place for a few moments, he didn’t do anything to get
there. Therefore, he was at the mercy of some unknown factor.
Sure. And I never tried to decide whether this demon was
real.
Do you think he was?
I know there are lots of reports, historically. So I don’t
discount it, if you strip away the religious imagery and
baggage. But my approach was to bypass that question and
just do whatever I could to beef up the strength of my
patient. And it worked. We played roles and it worked.
We've talked about this before. The role-playing is theater. That’s the
primary debt of people like Fritz Perls and J.L. Moreno. Doing theater
with this man brought him out of his trouble.
Art wins again.
Art wins again. Get your man to take an active part in the extension
of his problem by making him an artist, making him improvise, making
him be an actor, making him take part in very compressed theater.
That’s right. After all that is done, then we can take up
the interesting question about whether a being without a
physical body can appear and severely influence a human378
Jon Rappoport
being. Afterwards. But first let’s do the right thing. Let’s raise
the capacity of the person, the so-called victim, to deal with
such curios, such experiences, such visitations, if you want
to call them that. Let’s not jump into hysteria and start playing
a metaphysical game that puts us in exactly the wrong ballpark.
Let’s not succumb to tiresome Earth-mythology that’s trying
to make us grovel a little. Let’s strengthen our position consid-
erably. That’s what I did.
This has a direct tie-in to Tibet. These groundbreaking therapists like
Fritz Perls and J.L. Moreno, with Gestalt and Psychodrama, are in
that direct line to Tibet. Especially the exercises of becoming. Sitting
next to a tree and becoming the tree so well that you can look out from
the trunk and see your body. You no longer feel that you are only the
person you are with the name you have and the identity you have taken
on. You no longer feel that extreme limitation.
Perls and Moreno saw that the main problem people have
is their limitation to a given identity. To put it another way,
people have problems when they can’t get into the theater of
a situation, when they can’t reach through in that way, when
they feel pinched by delusory limits on how much they are.
And their way to solve that was through the imagination, through art,
through theater.
Perls would have people talking to imaginary people they
knew very well but weren't present. “All right, your sister is
sitting in that chair, talk to her.” Or be your sister in that
chair and talk to you. Moreno’s patients would have extended
dialogues with family members which were acted out on a
stage. You don’t only play yourself, you play your father and
your mother. Of course, Perls told his patients that they
WERE all the people and things and qualities in their dreams.
That was the magic. They were the whole dream, all the
pieces. It’s a shame that the traditions of Gestalt and Psycho-
drama haven't been explored to the maximum. There was a
famous socio-drama, as Moreno called it, that was staged in
the Minneapolis area some forty years ago, during a housing
crisis that involved race relations. White people wouldn’t rent
to black people. So before a fairly large audience, a drama
was staged in which a black man and white man played
landlord and prospective tenant during a “rental interview.”The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
379
Eventually both men played both roles, and the emotions
ran very high at moments. The white man playing the
prospective black tenant was screaming that he would burn
down the apartment building if he couldn’t rent an apartment
there. From accounts, there were people in the audience who
got the message on a very electric emotional level. Of course
this was just one sane moment in a social and political sea of
trouble, you might say. But it pointed the way to many
moments like this, to a renewal of society through very strong
art. To a kind of graduation.
I used to know a family that would have periodic days when they would
make one person the perpetrator of everything people in the family
always complained about. For a day the whole shmear would be Jimmy's
fault and everybody could blame him and accuse him and jump down
his throat. Jimmy could deal with tt as a play. It was theater, pure and
simple, and it functioned like Greek tragedy. It allowed a kind of
catharsis. I think people make a serious mistake when they overlook
this in assessing world religions and governments and armies and
corporations, the really big ones. These leaders are not only artists,
they are living out a form of theater which interests people more than
their own humdrum lives. Before we go all mystical about the secret
power of this and that, let’s truly explore the art, the theater of powerful
organizations. And let’s exceed it. Let’s be better than they are.
I’ve worked with a number of husbands and wives over
the years, people who’ve had the full spectrum of problems
and complaints and miseries, and to me the central invisible
problem has always been their inability to treat their relation-
ships as a kind of conscious drama, with all the attendant
magic and fun and character changes. The rest of what they
consider their problems is hogwash, pure nonsense. Let me
suggest a play that could be taken as a form of drama to be
acted out by people who want to enlarge their lives. You can’t
get everybody to role-play, but the people you can will come
out fantastically well. You take the main person, and you
have him discuss his own creativity, what he feels it poten-
tially involves, how big it could theoretically be, and so on,
and then you have him talk about possible inner sabotage.
Does it feel like there is some inner governor on the velocity
or the power or the scope or the artistry of his own creativity?380
Jon Rappoport
Finally, when he fleshes that out a little, you get him to invent
a few characters that represent the sabotage and the limiter-
aspect. And then you have a few people as surrogates act
out these creation-limiting characters, and the main person
engages in a dialogue with them on stage, an improvised
play, and this goes on for some time. The topic is creativity,
of course, and eventually, the people all switch roles, and
they push it to the hilt.
It is getting down to the real core of what a person 1s. And for those
who try to minimize creativity, who want to say that what we can
create doesn’t begin to match up with the power of the universe itself
or the strange esoteric forces and beings who move in other realms,
and so on, I would say, save your conclusions until after you've really
worked on extending your own creativity in a major, major way. None
of us knows the half of it.
Even a robot is an actor.
Playing the part of a robot.
You wanted to talk about survivors of abuse?
Yes. In so far as they appear to be ex-members of secret societies or
cults or their victims.
From my perspective as a hypnotist, I found several
things. First of all, it’s ludicrous to accept all the reports of
abuse as true. Ludicrous. Unless you just want something to
believe in. Let’s take the totality of the reports about UFO
abduction and satanic ritual abuse and government mind-
control abuse. Take those categories. Shall we automatically
believe every one of them?
How do you decide what's real?
On a case-by-case basis.
What distinguishes a real case from a fake case?
It isn’t just one deciding factor. First of all, there are
therapists who consciously or unconsciously guide very
suggestible people down roads where these patients end up
fabricating stories and memories of abuse. No one knows
what the percentages are. But on the other hand, it is incred-
ibly irresponsible and unscientific to say, in a blanket way,
that all such stories out of therapists’ offices are pipedreamsThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
381
and induced by the therapists themselves. There is no single
principle of psychology which automatically validates the
premise that all memories of abuse which are uncovered and
recovered in therapy, after being buried, are fake, made up,
false. The large group called the False Memory Syndrome
Foundation, out of Philadelphia, appears to be dedicated to
such a non-existent principle of psychology. The fact that,
among other people, Martin Orne and Louis West have sat
on the board of that organization, speaks volumes. These two
men have had active careers in CIA-and-military-intelligence
mind-control research. So the whole field of deciding what
stories of abuse are real and what are fake is very muddy. |
know several excellent reporters who have left this field for
that reason. It was almost impossible, in most cases, to
figure out whether the stories they were being told were real
or not. Let me give you, though, an example from my work.
One person. One story. Remember, this story is not meant to
summarize the whole field of research on this subject. You’ll
see as I go along why I’m choosing it.
This is a person you hypnotized?
Yes.
A woman of about thirty.
She said she had been abused?
Yes. She said it happened ten years or so earlier.
Where?
A place in the country, in the Midwest, about thirty miles
from the headquarters of a major American corporation.
There were a number of people there.
Did she believe this when she first came to you?
No. She said she thought she had been raped, but the
memory was hard to get to. And there was no doctor to go to
or police report to read. I put her under and regressed her
and she came up with clouds. That was the first image. She
went to a road in the summer and trees and meadow and all
the right sort of thing for a very relaxing scene. I got the feel-
ing that she had been through this before.
The recounting? The remembering?
Yes. But then she seemed to sink lower and she fell into a382
Jon Rappoport
new space that was dark. She heard voices. She was being
carried to a vehicle, a car or a truck. She was bound at the
ankles. She was loaded into the back of the vehicle and driven
in the evening of what seemed like a summer day to a house
in the woods. It was a large house with hardwood floors.
She was taken by two men to a chair by a fireplace and she
sat down and was given a drink of water. While she was
sitting there she remembered she had been driving her car.
There was missing time. Perhaps several hours. She had been
driving her car back home from work — she lived alone —
and the next thing she knew there was the feeling or the sense
of clouds and then the darkness and the binding around her
ankles and so on. She felt the sharp end of one period of time
and the beginning of the next. As she was sitting there by the
fire she looked out the windows and there were lights on.
The patio was lit up and several people were out there talking.
She felt they wanted her to see them. Two men were dressed
in suits and there was another being who was wearing very
tightly fitted metallic clothes. It was one piece. He was stand-
ing near a lamp and she could see his face. It was humanoid
but very sculpted, she said. More crisp, more clear than an
ordinary man’s, somehow. His ears were small. She took him
to be an alien ... We ended the session soon after that. Between
sessions I contacted several people I knew from different
fields, shall we say, and asked them what they thought about
UFO abductions. A reporter told me there was no doubt in his
mind that the people who were telling these stories were either
crazy or interested in getting attention. Two UFO researchers
told me they were quite sure at least some of these stories
were real. However, they were divided about the motives of
the ETs. One man said that despite horrible stories of abuse
by victims, in truth the ET contacts were all on the side of
education and ultimate good, with the intent of raising the
level of our consciousness for a leap into a quite different
future. He said that people who told horror stories were
putting an unconscious spin on a very strong contact with
beings who could relate on many levels beyond our five
senses, and to fill the void and the fear, these abductees would
insert accounts of torture which, in fact, never took place.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
383
Not in one single abduction. The other pro-UFO analyst told
me that among the ET races who had visited Earth, at least
two were definitely in the business of control and tyranny,
and they had no qualms about treating their captives quite
badly, just as, say, Nazis did in the concentration camps.
Departing sharply from all of this, a researcher-friend said
that UFO tales were floated out there by intelligence agen-
cies, and the abductions themselves could be carried out by
military-ops people in alien costumes as a cover. The whole
abduction scam, he said, was there to bring the citizenry up
to a pitch of expectation and hysteria about the UFO
phenomenon, as a prelude to a fake apocalyptic event that
would necessitate the abrogation of civil liberties and the
bringing on, at least temporarily, of martial law. A group of
Christian UFO researchers said the UFO phenomenon was a
fake, engineered to make people think that God was a rela-
tive entity among many other entities in the vast universe. A
ritual abuse expert told me that bloody cults used the alien
abduction scenario as a cover for their ceremonies, which
included rape and murder. Yet another ritual abuse researcher
said that cults were often the property of very powerful
“demons,” beings who existed without bodies who made
careers out of manipulating humans for sport and out of a
devotion to evil. Each researcher had a collection of reports
that purportedly backed up his view, and the reports went
back in time, in some cases to antiquity. To a degree, each
one of these people felt he had a stake in every analysis of
abduction reports. There was reluctance to allow a report
that did not fit his picture. I found all this very interesting.
Perhaps each one of these people was looking at the same
elephant from a different angle, and felt sure that if his
version of events did not get exposure, the whole elephant
would disappear into oblivion and never be understood. But
then again, it was just supposition on my part to assume that
all these researchers were looking at one elephant. That was
not necessarily true at all. | was reminded of storytellers around
a fire. What story would be told and what story would be
heard and what would be accepted? A very real human
impulse underlay these conflicting researchers. A strong384
Jon Rappoport
desire to be believed — but something else too, something
harder to put my finger on.
What you're describing is true of many major events that have mysteries
attached to them, that have no easy answer. When I was writing a
book about the origins of AIDS, I used to say it was a Jerusalem of
tales. Every person who had a theory rode his mule into Jerusalem to
announce the coming revelation.
That’s right ... In my next session with this woman, she
regressed back to the living room in the house and this time
the three men outside came into the room. The two business
executives told her she was their guest for a short time, and
she would be examined by the third man — the alien. He was
there and he looked at her and she felt he was very harsh, that
he was there for a single purpose and that was all. There was
no slack, no room for kindness. At this point in the session
many images came through to her that she couldn’t explain.
She saw the buildings of a corporation without a name. It
seemed to be a defense contractor. There were several landing
strips and planes on runways and hangars. There was a
connection between the company and the alien. The two other
men in the room were executives of this company and the
alien was their ally, their companion, their partner. She saw
craft sitting in buildings, strange-shaped flying vessels, and
she felt that they were being developed from designs supplied
by the alien. She was asked to stand up in the room by the
fireplace, and one of the executives bent down and unlocked
the chain around her ankles. She smelled alcohol on his
breath. The alien told her to follow him and she half-walked,
half-floated down a corridor in the house. She could hear
voices from rooms they passed. She thought there was sexual
activity going on in the rooms. She came to a brightly lit area
with an examining table in the center and she lay down on
it. She realized she was naked. She couldn’t move. Beams of
light from the ceiling seemed to be holding her in place. The
alien stood over her and took instruments from a tray and
did a variety of things with them. Tissue samples were taken,
painfully, from her skin. Her vagina was probed. She was
injected several times in the arms. A dark shield was put over
her eyes and an orange light swept across her body, as if itThe Secret Behind
Secret Societies
385
was doing a scan. A voice told her that this was necessary.
Our second session ended soon after that. The whole event
just faded away.
Was it hard to bring her back to waking state, after the hypnosis?
It took about a half hour.
I wanted to make sure she was
oriented.
She believed what she was seeing and experiencing in the session.
Yes.
No doubts.
Maybe a few, but all in all she took it to be real. I gave her
ten or twelve more sessions, during which we covered
basically the same event, the same material. She added
details, including a telepathic conversation with the alien that
involved him telling her he was here “to learn more.” This
felt chilling because she got the idea that we were just ani-
mals in a zoo. During this period of sessions nothing really
changed for her, in her life. She had come to me in the first
place because she was having trouble sleeping, she was feel-
ing quite nervous on the weekends away from her job, and
her friendships with people seemed to be more difficult, in
part because she was focused completely on her problems.
She had never had physical difficulties before in her life. But
then something happened in our work. I can’t really describe
the turning point, but I could see it in her face. She was
beginning to look happier. The venues of the ET event
changed in session. She was now in locales in cities, under-
ground, she was up in ships, she was no longer simply tied
to the table by beams ... the stories changed, and at the end
of the sessions she had a kind of smirk on her face. She
wouldn’t let on what was happening, but I could see it was
good. In one session she fought for control of the instruments
with the ET. She lost, but she was satisfied she was fighting.
It sounds as if you were graduating out of the area of hypnosis.
I began to realize that. She was dropping into the scenes
of the ET contact more easily, and I could feel that the trance
was not as deep. She was there all right, but the context was
shifting. As I began to get an inkling of what was going on, it386
Jon Rappoport
was thrilling to experience. She was taking over the reins of
the sessions. She was changing the whole sense of what we
were doing.
She was challenging reality?
Yes. Somehow she had decided on that course of action. I
had nothing to do with it. The first thing that hit me was that
most people want to accept what they consider their experi-
ence as a given, whether it’s boring or exciting or bizarre —
once they decide it’s real, then it goes into that bag. That’s
the end of all discussion. That’s what most people do. And
we’re taught, more and more, to be passive in the face of
reality on a certain important psychic level.
You see that, for example, with very strong people who fold up after
they’re given a terminal medical diagnosis.
Yes, exactly. It’s that kind of thing. And then I have to tell
you a fascinating aspect. I went back to most of the research-
ers I had spoken to earlier — the ones who had all sorts of
ironclad ideas on what “the ET experience” really meant —
and I told them I had a patient who was having quite a rejuve-
nation, that as her accounts of the experience changed wildly
— and on purpose, it seemed — she was coming out of her
difficulties. Her nervousness was decreasing. She was getting
stronger. None of these researchers was happy with my
report. None. It didn’t fit their hard-edged ideas of what
UFOs were all about. It was too weird. It was unacceptable
ultimately. Even though it was just one case, they felt
disoriented and threatened by it. Anyway, my perception of
what she was doing in our sessions got stronger. She was not
being hypnotized anymore. She was refusing the vibration.
She was taking the opportunity to try out various scenarios.
I don’t know where she got the idea from, but she was doing
it. It was amazing to me. We didn’t speak about it, but she
was now, in the sessions, having tremendous battles with the
ET in the examining area. She was picking up instruments
and slashing him and it was going back and forth.
Are you saying she was gradually coming to a better understanding
of what actually happened in the ET encounter?
I’m not saying that at all.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
387
I didn’t think so. You’re saying she began to invent alternate accounts.
Out of nowhere. That was completely the abandoned
sense of the thing. I tried to explain this, omitting details and
her name of course, to an editor of a New Age magazine,
and the editor was a little disturbed that the woman was, in
session, going into violent reactions to the ET and that pitched
battles were breaking out. This, I was told, was anger, and
anger was a bad idea for healing. To allow this would
“strengthen the negative forces,” and possibly even ruin what
was a positive abduction experience. I thought I was ina
cartoon about New Age stereotypes, and I got quite an
insight into the insidious tenets of that quasi-philosophy at
its worst.
All the storytellers sitting around the fire, and vying to get their story
heard and woven into the fabric of the cosmos.
The woman began running in the hills near her home.
Three miles a day. Lots of sweat. The sessions were turning
into art-events. Remember the so-called Happenings of the
50s? This was like that. Performance art. I just threw in a
suggestion, finally, because I couldn’t keep my mouth shut,
about dialoguing, role-playing, talking as the characters in
her scenes. I tip my hat to that old rogue Fritz Perls, and to
Moreno. This woman took off with that and she was a sight
to behold. She needed absolutely no direction. She played
every part and talked AS the business executives and the
ET and other people who hadn’t even been there, govern-
ment agents who were working for the corporation and so
on. It was a party, let me tell you, sometimes carried on at
very high volume.
How long did it go on?
I saw her for a total of about six months, and I would say
this part lasted for two months. She brought me a report from
her doctor. Her blood pressure, which had dropped, was now
normalized. Her immune indicators were improved.
Did you ever talk with her about what she was doing in the sessions,
how she had decided to take over the whole show?
I debated that and decided not to. It was her game and
the best thing I could do was let her play it. She never gave388
Jon Rappoport
me that information and, from an artistic point of view, it
was better.
So you don’t know whether she finally decided that the ET event was
real or not real or whatever.
No, I don’t. And I don’t really care. I mean part of me was
curious, sure, but so what? At the end there, she was going
through a lot of emotion in the sessions. It was hard to say
where it was coming from. She would be pounding on this
ET’s head and crying at the same time. The releases were
sometimes huge. Once she said to me that it was like running
marathons, going through this, and it was training her “inner
reflexes.” That’s an interesting phrase.
Did any other therapist or researcher come to see how fantastic this whole
thing was?
No one I talked to. No one was interested in her soul as it
presented itself. Instead it was all about doctrine and hypoth-
esis and what’s supposed to be real and what isn’t. The
“truth” about demons and UFOs and Jesus and delusion and
neurosis and all that was far more important to these people
than the thrill of what was happening to this woman.
So they missed the boat.
They don’t see a world opening up in a situation like this.
They see a mystery that doesn’t fit their picture. They see
this woman as a strange individual case. But really, if they
followed the thread, the implications of what she did, they
would be very surprised. They have world-views and they
think in large terms. Well, this woman’s case implies a world-
view too and that view is endless. It is infinite. It shows what
the creative mind can do, what it can overcome, how elastic
it is, how marvelous. In one of her last sessions, she put on a
monumental conversation between herself and the alien. As
I said, she took to the idea of dialogue like a duck to water.
This was one of a number of exchanges between her and the
alien, and it was the most exciting to me.
She gave you both sides out loud the whole time?
Yes. She approached this man, this being, as an adversary
who had sorely missed the boat on the whole human adven-The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
389
ture. He said he wasn’t human, but she wouldn’t accept that.
She said his emotions had been re-fashioned to fit an agenda
that was unacceptable. He said that was a decision she wasn’t
part of. She took issue with that, too, and said he was doomed
to fail if he didn’t learn from us, learn that power was more
than just domination. She kept hammering away at this last
point until he relented and asked her what she meant. She
said that on Earth, as he must know, we had people who
were only interested in control of large numbers of people.
All sorts of excuses were given for this — that humans
couldn’t arrange their own affairs, that we were all too weak
and too stupid to survive for very long without direction
from above. You know, all the old reasons. She said that these
self-styled “leaders” were like him. They had reshaped their
emotions to fit a program, and they were on the tracks like a
train going to one place. Total domination of the human
species. She said this would fail because, in the long run,
there would be a discovery, a discovery of what was inside
us. Not only our refusal to surrender, but our unconquerable
itch for adventure. We would not be dominated. He said he
didn’t believe this. She said he just refused to see the truth
because his mission was too narrow. He said he was here to
find out more about us, take over certain key people, and
establish the beginning of an alien empire here. She said he
was a pathetic specimen of life. She said he didn’t have a
real idea what it was about, and she was amazed that on so
slender an understanding his race had gotten so far. This had
bothered her, in fact. Bothered and puzzled her. Then she
realized that beings could learn a great deal about how things
worked without ever examining themselves, as long as they
instituted a tight tyranny over themselves, to avoid breakouts
and revolutions. They could develop an elite sector within
their own empire which would do research and production
of new technology, and they could make terrible weapons
and other instruments that would help them control large
numbers of people, and still they could be stupid and back-
ward. She said that when she looked at him and heard him
speak, she sensed centuries of deadness, which had been
cultivated to cover over a huge ignorance about himself and390
Jon Rappoport
his own race. He said the people of Earth were no concern to
him because they were specimens, small animals, crude. She
said that was another lie he was perpetrating, and that from
recent battles and conversations he had been having with
her, he had, in fact, realized that humans were far more than
he originally had supposed. She said he was a chronic liar,
and that most of his lies were laid over this huge black hole
of ignorance about himself and his own race. She attacked
him on this point, saying he had been lying for some time,
that he was just repeating slogans to justify his mission, and
that in fact he had no idea what Earth was. As in former
sessions, his replies began to come back with less assurance
after awhile. She got stronger. She told him there was only
one legitimate reason for coming to Earth, and that was to
find out what we knew, what we had glimpsed that they
had lost. She said he should be down on his knees weeping
at what his people had lost long ago. She said his deadness
of manner told the whole story. It was the key to his soul. He
said that without control there would be chaos. It had been
demonstrated throughout the galaxy many times. She said
there was a deeper truth which had been missed. In
freedom, in adventure, in the midst of the unknown, humans
— and all beings — could show their true colors, sooner or
later. Their real quality would come through. Then what they
were would be revealed. The alien said he wanted to see that.
She said the elites of the Earth wanted to see that too, even
as they were busy trying to bring the planet closer to running
like a machine. In fact, the more controlled Earth became,
the more hunger there was for that untapped factor in
humans. That, she said, was why he was here, and no matter
how arrogantly he behaved, no matter how much power he
wielded among major movers and shakers, he was discov-
ering the true reason he had come. To save himself, to save
his people. To start a real revolution based on a spark of life
he had glimpsed. Eventually, he came around, as never
before in any of her sessions. He began to speak about what
he felt as he toured the planet and saw our world. He stopped
talking about technology and he started revealing his
reactions to the people, to what he saw behind their masks.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
391
Finally she got down on her knees and a weeping started,
and it was impossible for me to say whether he was weep-
ing or she was or both of them, but in her soul a peace treaty
was signed, without seals or official representations or lies.
She came to a whole place, which could stir a confidence of
tremendous proportions ...Acknowledgements
Many thanks to David Sielaff for synchronous research
and manuscript preparation; to Stace Aspey for tracking
down hard-to-find materials; and to Daphne Bellflower for
word processing and typesetting.
I want to make special mention of Peter Levenda’s book,
Unholy Alliance, which uncovers and synthesizes so much
vital information on Nazism as a true cult. I relied heavily
on this work. I found its grasp of Nazism brilliant.
Likewise, when it came to the subject of paranormal
research, I was very happy to find Dean Radin’s book, The
Conscious Universe. It is a masterful presentation of the
inferences that can validly be drawn from the huge historical
body of laboratory experiments on the paranormal.
Thanks also for favors and backup: Eric, Gary S, Loren,
VR, the mysterious westland searchers, and NCARX. And
of course, thanks to Jack True.
392Bibliography
Atwood, Mary Anne. Hermetic Philosophy and Alchemy. Julian
Press, 1960, New York.
Barnet, Richard J., and Cavanaugh, John. Global Dreams. Simon
and Schuster, 1994, New York.
Bergson, Henri. Creative Evolution. Modern Library, 1944, New
York.
Bernhart, Joseph. The Vatican as a World Power. Longmans,
Green and Co., 1939, London.
Beyer, Stephan. Magic and Ritual in Tibet. Motilal Banarsidass,
1988, Delhi.
Billington, James. Fire in the Minds of Men. Basic Books, 1980,
New York.
Black, Jeremy. Gods, Demons, and Symbols of Ancient Mesopota-
mia. University of Texas Press, 1992, Austin.
Blake, William. The Complete Poetry and Selected Prose of John
Donne and The Complete Poetry of William Blake. Modern
Library, 1941, New York.
Blofeld, John. The Tantric Mysticism of Tibet. E.P. Dutton, 1970,
New York.
Boyd, Doug. Rolling Thunder. Random House, 1974, New York.
Bramley, William. The Gods of Eden. Avon Books, 1989, New
York.
Chevalier, Jean. A Dictionary of Symbols. Blackwell, 1994,
Oxford.
Cohen, Daniel.
Magicians,
Wizards, and Sorcerers. J.B.
Lippincott, 1973, Philadelphia.
Craven, Thomas. The Pocket Book of Greek Art. Pocket Books,
1950, New York.
393394
Jon Rappoport
David-Neel, Alexandra. Magic and Mystery in Tibet. Crown
Publishers, 1932, New York.
Fenollosa, Ernest. Instigations of Ezra Pound. Books for Librar-
ies Press, 1967, Freeport, New York.
Flowers, Stephen E. Fire and Ice. Llewellyn Publications, 1994,
St. Paul.
Fuller, R. Buckminster.
1969, New York.
Utopia or Oblivion. Overlook Press,
Goodrick-Clarke, Nicholas. The Occult Roots of Nazism.
Aquarian Press, 1985, Wellingsborough, U.K.
Hall, Manley P. Masonic, Hermetic, Qabbalistic and Rosicrucian
Symbolical Philosophy. Philosophical Research Society,
1972, Los Angeles.
Higham, Charles. American Swastika. Doubleday and Co.,
1985, New York.
Trading with the Enemy. Barnes and Noble, 1995,
New York.
Huang, Al. Embrace Tiger, Return to Mountain: the essence of tat
chi. Real People Press, 1973, Moab, Utah.
Hunt, Linda. Secret Agenda. St. Martin’s Press, 1991, New York.
Jahn, Robert and Dunne, Brenda. Margins of Reality. Harcourt
Brace, 1987, New York.
Jobes, Gertrude. Dictionary of Mythology, Folklore, and Symbols.
Scarecrow Press, 1962, New York.
Jung, Carl. Collected Works. Pantheon, 1953, New York.
Kemp, Martin (ed.). Leonardo on Painting. Yale University Press,
1989, New
Haven.
Larson, Martin A. The Essene-Christian Faith. The Noontide
Press, 1989, Costa Mesa.
Lasby, Clarence. Project Paperclip. Atheneum, 1975, New York.
Leedom, Tim C. (ed.). The Book Your Church Doesn’t Want You
to Read. Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company,
Dubuque.
1993,
Levenda, Peter. Unholy Alliance. Avon Books, 1995, New York.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
395
Mallove, Eugene. Fire from Ice. John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1991,
New York.
McCartney, Laton. Friends in High Places: The Bechtel Story.
Simon and Schuster, 1988, New York.
Marks, John. The Search for the “Manchurian Candidate.” Times
Books, 1979, New York.
Marchetti, Victor, and Marks, John. The CIA and the Cult of
Intelligence. Alfred A Knopf, 1974, New York.
Marrs, Jim. Alien Agenda. Harper Collins, 1997, New York.
Martin, Malachi. The Jesuits. Simon and Schuster, 1987, New
York.
Mitgang, Herbert. Dangerous Dossiers. Donald I. Fine, Inc.,
1988, New York.
Neill, A. S. Summerhill. Hart Publishing Company, 1960, New
York.
Paine, Thomas. Age of Reason. Citadel Press, 1974, Secaucus,
New Jersey.
Perls, Fritz. Gestalt Therapy Verbatim. Real People Press, 1969,
Lafayette.
Prouty, L. Fletcher. The Secret Team. Institute for Historical
Review, 1973, Costa Mesa.
Radin, Dean. The Conscious Universe. Harper Edge, 1997, San
Francisco.
Rampa, T. Lobsang. The Third Eye. Ballantine Books, 1956,
New York.
Read, John. Through Alchemy to Chemistry. G. Bell and Sons,
Ltd., 1957, London.
Reich, Wilhelm. The Function of the Orgasm. World Publishing,
1970, New York.
Roberts, Jane. The Nature of the Psyche. Bantam Books, 1979,
New York.
Robinson, John J. Born in Blood. M. Evans and Company, 1989,
New York.
Samuel, Geoffrey. Civilized Shamans. Smithsonian Institution
Press, 1993, Washington and London.396
Jon Rappoport
Sargent, William. The Mind Possessed. Lippincott, 1974, Phila-
delphia.
Sklar, Dusty. Gods and Beasts. Thomas Y. Crowell, 1977, New
York.
Sklar, Holly (ed.). Trilateralism. South End Press, 1980, Boston.
Simpson, Christopher. Blowback. Weidenfeld and Nicholson,
1988, New York.
Singer, Dorothea Waley. Giordano Bruno: His Life and Thought.
Henry Schuman, 1950, New York.
Smith, Morton. Jesus the Magician. Harper and Row, 1978, New
York.
Speer, Albert. Inside the Third Reich. Macmillan, 1970, New
York.
Time, “Colony of the Damned,” May 16, 1988, p.58.
Vermes, Geza. The Dead Sea Scrolls in English. Penguin Books,
1995, London.
Webber, F.R. Church Symbolism. J.H. Hansen, 1927, Cleveland.
Wilkins, William Joseph. Paganism in the Papal Church.
Sonnenschein, 1901, London.End Notes
Chapters
1-15
For more on the spontaneity of healing, see Al Huang’s
Embrace Tiger, Return to Mountain. Also Perls.
Richard Jenkins’ comments on Edward Terry Clark are
confirmed in Charles Higham’s excellent Trading with the
Enemy.
Those interested in the work of Wilhelm Reich might start
with The Function of the Orgasm.
Chapter 16
The details about pre-war Nazi Germany set out here are
basically backed up by Peter Levenda’s fine book, Unholy
Alliance. Also see Goodricke-Clarke and Speer. All quotes
within my quotes about Nazism in this letter are from
Levenda.
The mention of the IIluminati’s notion of abolishing all
private property, and the passing of that notion down to
Soviet Communism, comes from Billington, where the whole
subject is explored from several different angles. Billington
is also the source for the description of revival-Pythagorean,
Iluminist, Rosicrucian, and Masonic use of “mystical” shapes
to enhance the messages of those secret societies.
Chapters
17-20
Age of Reason is a Newtonian portrait of the universe that
nevertheless leaves room for undetermined humans who
have free choice. The book is pilloried, in part, because it
leaves that remarkable space. Age of Reason should make the
reader suspect that human freedom, clear of any anatomy,
397398
Jon Rappoport
has become a foe of “modern thought.” Modern thought is
concerned with pattern.
Chapter 21
Concerning Allen’s comments about Nazis coming to
America after World War II, see Simpson, and Higham’s
American Swastika. Also, for background, Trading with the
Enemy.
Chapters 22-23
For information about Hitler’s arrest of occult practi-
tioners, and the kidnapping and rescue of Mussolini, see
Levenda. Carol Schuman’s statements about the SS can be
found in Levenda and Dusty Sklar.
Chapters 24-26
Quotes from the Dead Sea Scrolls and general background
come from Vermes. In these quotes only, brackets [ | enclose
suppositional insertions by modern scholars.
Chapters 27-28
All quotes on the paranormal are from Jahn and Dunne.
Chapter 29
All quotes on the paranormal are from Dean Radin.
Chapter 30
All quotes from Giordano Bruno are from Singer’s book
of commentary and original-text selections.
Chapter 31
The Kargyupa sect of Tibetan Buddhism was, according
to Carol Schuman,
the sect the Tibetan mentor of her
father’s teachers belonged to. There seems to be at least one
alternative spelling of this sect.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
399
Chapters 32-36
Quotes about messiahs, including those from Kersey
Graves, and my summary statements about particular
messiah tales, are derived from Leedom (ed.), The Book Your
Church Doesn't Want You to Read. Exception: Quotes and sum-
mary statements about Osiris and Zoroastrianism are from
Larson. Leedom’s book is a major collection of pieces on the
false facades of religion.
Chapters 37-39
All quotations from Blake are from Blake, Donne. See
Samuel and also Beyer for background on the origins of
Tibetan mysticism.
Chapters 40-43
See David-Neel for her extraordinary depictions of Tibetan
practices.
Chapters 44-45
For history of early Masonry, see John J. Robinson.
Various Brotherhood of Saturn rituals are covered in Flowers’
Fire and Ice. For references to the Seal of Solomon,
see
Chevalier, Hall, Jobes, among others. For a legitimate descrip-
tion of the mythical Girtablullu, see Black.
Chapter 46
There are many sources for Nazi-American connections
before, during, and after World War II. See Higham, for
example, and Simpson. Colonia Dignidad descriptions are
confirmed in Levenda. Also see Time, May 16, 1988, p. 58.
Aside from the many magazine and newspaper articles on
Carlos Lehder Rivas, Levenda establishes the Rivas “brand”
of Nazism. Albert Speer’s telling quote is from his Inside the
Third Reich.400
Jon Rappoport
Chapter 47
The quote re a priest giving orders to God, and its com-
panion quote from Father O’Brien, are both found in John J.
Robinson. As is ample description of the Church’s dedication
to, and methods of, torture. The Ignatius prayer is given in
Martin, who also presents the Church’s hierarchical structure.
Chapters 48-49
The references to Church symbolism, and the quotes about
these symbols, come from the exceedingly precise F.R.
Webber.
Chapter 50
The public testimony mentioned here given on March 15,
1995, and the backup material submitted to the Committee
by Valerie Wolf, are available in bound form from 213-969-
1320. I put out this material, with an introduction, several
years ago.
Chapters 51-52
Morton Smith provides the alternative basis for reinter-
preting Jesus.
Chapters 53-54
See Jane Roberts for a wide-ranging discussion of dreams.
Chapter 55
Read Fenollosa, the section on Chinese pictographs.
Chapter 56
Beyer’s book on Tibetan ritual is illuminating.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
401
Chapters 57-59
Read Utopia or Oblivion by Fuller.
Chapters 60-62
The dream of war, of course, has parallels to the Gulf War
of 1990-91. For information on the possible causes of Gulf
War Illness, contact Joyce Riley and the American Gulf War
Veterans’ Association at 800-231-7631.
Chapters 63-65
The quote about the sculptors of Greece comes from
Thomas Craven. His writing is fresh fifty years after publica-
tion of The Pocket Book of Greek Art.
Chapters 66-70
A.S. Neill’s Summerhill is one of the most important books
on the planet.
Chapter 71
The Holly Sklar (ed.) book is the most factual and detailed
depiction I know on the march to power of global corpora-
tions as Trilateralism.
Chapter 72
The San Francisco economist, Douglas Dowd, has made
this statement, citing Global Dreams (Barnet).
Chapter 73
Source on these names is Jim Marrs’ Alien Agenda.
Chapter 74
All quotes and background are from a 1997 Special Report
by Executive Intelligence Review (EIR) writers: “The Coming402
Jon Rappoport
Fall of the House of Windsor.” The EIR is based in Washington
D.C. The EIR is said to have a pronounced anti-Windsor bias.
This may or may not be true. I have not verified the EIR’s
extraordinary and detailed Special Report. Hence I call this
chapter a speculative sketch.
Chapters 75-79
Again, see Fuller’s Utopia or Oblivion.
Chapter 80
See Boyd, Rolling Thunder.
Chapters 81-82
See Conservation, the newsletter of the Getty Conservation
Institute. Los Angeles. 1. Winter 1993 issue. 2. Volume 2,
number 3, 1996. 3. Volume IX, number 1.
Chapters 83-92
The Szent-Gyorgyi quote can be found in Consciousness:
The Missing Link. International Society for Krishna Conscious-
ness, 1980, Los Angeles. For the Leonardo quote, see Martin
Kemp (ed.), Leonardo on Painting.
Chapters 93-96
The Hearing document which is the source here of CIA-
MKULTRA is officially available from the U.S. Government
Printing Office. I have been told by one person that that is
easier said than done.
Linda Hunt has done an admirable job finding hidden
connections re Edgewood Arsenal, the CIA, and Nazi scien-
tists. This is one of those places where “the exigencies of the
Cold War,” as an excuse for subhuman activities, reveals itself
as a cover for monsters running the store.
The information on CIA dossiers on artists, Safran’s book,
and Don Edwards’ reaction all come from Mitgang.The Secret Behind
Secret Societies
403
The mentions of ITT activities in Chile are from Levenda.
The ITT-WW2 material, including the State Department
memo, comes from Higham, Trading with the Enemy.
The CIA-CFR connection comes from Marchetti and
Marks. Their book is the first “the U.S. Government ever went
to court to censor before publication,” as the cover flap-copy
indicates. Every deletion made by the Agency before publica-
tion is shown in the text. There are many.
Epilogue
The idea that modern medicine is a kind of secret society
can be inferred from many sources. It is a perfect example of
a cult that does good in one area while causing huge harm in
other areas — as a result of dispensing, as gospel, misleading,
false, and profitable information. In this regard, see my AIDS
INC., and Ulrich Abel’s disturbingly orthodox Chemotherapy
of Advanced Epithelial Cancer, an English translation of which
is available from People Against Cancer, PO Box 10, Otho,
Iowa, 50569. In a quite conservative assessment, Abel shows
that the vast majority of cancers are unaffected by chemo-
therapy, despite its quite liberal use as one of the terribly
toxic mainstays of medicine today.
What is now called role-playing, dialoguing, or voice dia-
loguing is an inheritor of Perls’ and Moreno’s work. It is used
widely in various therapists’ hands. It need not be therapy,
however. It is a form of profound education, particularly
when used to expand the power of the imagination.index
Abbe Jean Starcky, 86
Abstract Expressionists, 48
Adenauer, Konrad, 156
Adonis-Aphrodite cult, 114
Advanced powers, 81, 85, 87-89,
96
AEC, 314
Benson, Herbert, 297
Bentsen, Lloyd, 251
Bergson, Henri, 121
Bernhard, Prince, 243, 254
Bey, Tuitit, 142, 146
Beyer, Stephan, 208
Amnesty International, 153
Appollonius of Tyana, 188, 191Bilderbergers, 243-8, 250, 314,
316, 353
BIS, 152
Bissell, Richard, 316
Blake, William, 121-2
Blavatsky, Helena Petrovena, 51,
142
Blofeld, John, 81, 105-7, 127, 208
Blowback, 155, 319
Bowart, Walter, 180
Bowen, Don, 313
Bowman, Isaiah, 242
Atomic Energy CommissionBretton Woods Conference, 242
Aeschylus, 81
Age of Reason, 66
Agenda Group, 242
Agnelli, Giovanni, 245
AIDS INC, 43-44
Alchemy, 137, 143, 186, 188, 208-9
Allende, Salvador (President of
Chile), 153, 155, 348, 353
Ambros, Otto, 312
Aristotle, 122, 297
Aspin, Les (Secretary of Defense),
251Boyd, Doug, 276
Bramley, William, 332
Breggin, Peter, 365
(AEC), 314
Attention Deficit Disorder, 365
Auschwitz, 55, 290, 312Brinkley, David, 251
Ball, George (Undersecretary of
State), 245
Barbie, Klaus, 154
Brody, Al, 305
Brokaw, Tom, 251
Brotherhood of Luxor, 142, 146
Brotherhood of Saturn, 138
Bruno, Giordano, 78, 81, 98-104,
107, 332
Bechtel Corporation, 247, 314-6,Buchko, Ivan (Catholic
Archbishop), 319
Bechtel, Steve, 318
Beddou, 113Bundy, McGeorge, 245
Bayer Corporation, 56
318
Buddhism, Mystical Tibetan, 81,
102-5, 123-124
404The Secret Behind Secret Societies
Carter, Jimmy (President), 245, 247
Casey, William, 354
Catholic Church, Catholicism, 2,
48, 81, 98, 100, 103, 114, 170-3,
175, 186, 189, 192, 319
CBS, 247, 251, 264
Central Intelligence Agency (see
CIA)
CFR 241-5, 248, 251, 314, 316, 353
CFR-controlled Agenda Group 246
Chase National Bank, 152
Cheever, John, 349
CHICKWIT, 306
Christopher, Warren (Secretary of
State), 251
Churchward, James, 140
CIA, 74, 136-7, 155-8, 160, 162,
167, 180-2, 242, 302-21, 324-5,
346, 348-9, 354-5, 371
CIA Inspector General, 181
CIA Mind Control, 181
CIA MKULTRA, 181, 309, 321, 355
CIA MKULTRA Congressional
Hearing, 321
CIA Project Bluebird, 313
CIA-Bechtel, 353
Clark, Edward Terry, 25, 397
Clarke, Ted, 257, 259-262, 278
Clinton, Bill (President), 251, 350,
352
Club of Isles, 254—5
Colonia Dignidad, 153, 348
Cooper, Richard, 246-7
Cult of the Black Order (Schwarze
Orden), 55
Da Vinci, Leonardo, 103, 293
Dachau, 55, 155
Dada, 192
Dali, Salvador, 184
David-Neel, Alexandra, 126, 130,
341
Dead Sea Scrolls, 72, 78, 80-81,
83-86, 96, 111
Declaration of Independence, 84
DeForest, Orrin, 160
DeNicola, Chris, 182-3
DINA, 348
Dominican Republic, 267
Duke of Edinburgh, 252
405
Dulles, Allen, 242, 315-6
Dumbarton Oaks, 242
Dunhuang, China, 279
Dunifer, Stephen, 263
Dunne, Brenda, 87-8, 90-91
Edgewood Arsenal Research
Laboratories, 306, 312-3, 402
Edwards, Don, 354
EEC, 246
Eisenhower, Dwight (President),
314
El Salvador, 136
Eliot, Sir Charles, 332
Epiphany, 177
Ernst, Max, 273
Essene Jesus, 86
Essenes, 83-86, 111
Euripides, 81
European Common Market, 243
Eysenck, H.J., 94
False Memory Syndrome
Foundation, 381
Farben, I.G., 25, 55-6, 243, 254,
312-3
FBI, 265, 349, 354
FCC, 263
Fire From Ice, 353
Formula of the Secret Society, 59,
71, 102, 111-16, 120-1, 132, 136,
148-50, 167, 170-73, 189, 192,
198, 226, 267-71, 275, 311, 343,
351, 356-7
Free Radio Berkeley, 263
Freemasons, 53
Freud, Sigmund, 9, 229-30, 290
Fritsch, Theodor, 52
Fuller, Buckminster, 256, 322
Gehlen, Reinhard, 155
General Motors, 152, 247
Georgetown University Hospital,
307
Gergen, David, 251
German Order (Germanenorden),
52
Geschickter, Dr., 307, 309
Gestalt, 378
Getty Conservation Institute, 280406
jon
Giotto, 193
Girtablullu, 142-3, 146
Gittinger, John, 160
Glover, Paul, 263-266
Gorman Annex, 307-9
Gottlieb, Sid, 309
Great White Brotherhood, 142
Greenspan, Alan (Federal
Reserve Chairman), 251
Groundbase Zero, 217-218, 322
Grove Press, 9
Guatemala, 348
Gutberlet, Wilhelm (Thulist), 53
Guzman, Jacobo Arbenz, 348
Harris, Roy, 205
Hellman, Lillian, 349
Helms, Richard, 304, 316
Herod, 113
Higham, Charles, 161, 347
Himmler, Heinrich, 50, 54-5, 75
His Girl Friday, 129
Hitler, Adolf, 9, 37, 49-50, 52-3,
55, 73-5, 151-3,
156-7, 171, 243,
254, 319
Hoffmann, Friedrich, 312-3
Holy Office of Inquisition, 170
Honorton, Charles, 93-4
Huks, 318
Hull, Cordell (Secretary of State),
242
Hunt, Linda, 312-14
Hyman, Ray, 93-5
Illuminati, 49, 56, 50
Illuminist, 56-7, 60
Imaginary Languages, 204
Imagination, 24, 52-53, 58, 97-8,
104, 117-8, 120-22, 126, 130-33,
164-5, 170, 173, 175, 178, 185-8,
192-5, 198-9, 206, 208, 217-8,
221, 224, 226, 228-31, 237-8,
249, 252-3, 255-7, 259-60, 263,
272-78, 280-84, 287-8, 290-3,
295, 297-8, 300, 311, 323, 332,
334-5, 341-2, 344, 346, 351-60,
366, 375, 378
IMF (International Monetary
Fund), 242, 248, 270, 317
Imperial Chemical Industries, 254
Rappoport
India, North, 123
Inman, Bobby Ray, 251
Inner Twelve, 55
Inouye, Daniel (Senator), 303,
306-7
Intermarium, 319
International Monetary Fund
(IMF), 242, 248, 270, 317
Iran, 315
Iraq, 339
Isis, 149
Islamic Spain, 99
Ithaca Hours, 264-6
Ithaca Money, 265-6
ITT, 152, 347-9
Jahn, Robert, 87-8, 90-91
Jenkins, Rachel, 11, 24-26, 31, 36,
38, 41, 44, 47, 59, 72, 117, 174
Jenkins, Richard, 10, 24, 31, 44,
47, 62-70, 72, 117-18, 174, 276
Jericho, 83
Jesus Christ, 171, 175, 230
Journal of Scientific Exploration, 111
JPL Jet Propulsion Laboratory),
259
Juliana (Princess of Holland), 243
Jung, Carl, 32, 142
Kabbala (Qaballa), 139-40
Kargyupa sect, 77, 105
Kennedy, John F. (President), 245,
303-6, 309
Kennedy, Michael, 321
Kissinger, Henry, 251
Knights Templar, 51, 138, 146
Kongresshalle, 156
KPFK Radio, 151
Lake, Anthony (National Security
Advisor), 251
Lansdale, Ed, 318
Lasby, Clarence, 156
Lehrer, Jim, 251
Letelier, Orlando, 348
Levenda, Peter, 52
Linwood, Joseph, 22, 25-6, 34-5,
38, 44, 76
LSD, 305-10, 313
Luftwaffe, 156The Secret Behind Secret Societies
MacNeil, Robert, 251
Magsaysay, Ramon (President of
the Phillipines), 318
Nazi Reichsbank, 152
Nazism, Nazi Party, 25, 36-37, 44,
47-8, 52-6, 75, 151, 153-4, 156,
Margins of Reality, 87348,
Neff, Walter, 155
Neill, A.S., 228-30
Masonic Lodge, 137-8Nichols, Herbie, 12
North Africa, 24, 77, 80
North India, 123
Nuremberg, 53, 56, 74
Mallove, Gene, 353
Marchetti, Victor, 316
407
Marks, John, 155, 180, 304
Martin, Malachi, 173
Marx, Karl, 290, 334
Marxism, 324New Templars, 52
Masons, masonry, 57, 137-8, 146,
184, 368
McCartney, Laton, 314-5NW7 (1G. Farben Intelligence) 243
McCone, John A., 314-6
Medellin cartel, 153
Meer, Fritz Ter, 56
Melville, Herman, 194
Mesopotamia, 142
Messiah story, 53, 56, 74, 77, 77-8,
85-6, 96, 111, 114-17, 190, 192,
399
Michelangelo, 103, 193, 249, 355
Michigan Quarterly Review, 262
Miller, Henry, 228
Mississippi River, 293
Mitchell, Edgar, 262
Mitgang, Herbert, 349, 354
Mithras, 112
Mitsubishi, 247
MKSEARCH, 306-7
MKULTRA, 155, 180-81, 302-12,
316, 321, 355
Moreno, J.L., 209, 230, 377-8, 387
Mossadeq, Mohammed, 315
Muktananda, 333
Mullin, Claudia, 182
Mussolini, Benito, 74—5
Mystical Tibetan Buddhism, 103-
107
Nalanda, University of, 123
NASA, 90, 261, 278
National City Bank, 152
National
(NIH),
National
National
Institutes of Health
327
Interest, 312
Socialist German
Worker’s Party, 53
Nazi Germany, 48-9, 56
Occult, 37, 51, 53, 57, 73-75
Oklahoma City Bombing, 43-44
Olcott, Col. Henry S., 142
Olsen, Dr. Frank, 303, 305-7
Omega, 176
Operation Mind Control, 180
Operation Overcast, 155-6
Operation Paperclip, 156, 312
Original Taoists, 78, 80
Orne, Martin, 381
Orphism, 114
Osiris, 114
Our Lord Weeps Over Jerusalem,
178
Our Saviour Mocked, 178
Owen, Henry, 246-7
Paine, Thomas, 66
Parada, Miguel, 136
Paranormal, 81, 86-89, 91-93, 96,
99-100, 103, 107, 109, 115-8,
187-8, 198, 225, 285, 354, 358
Parapsychological Association, 93
Parral, Chile, 153
Pattern of Truth, 60
PBS, 251
Pearl Harbor, 347
Pentagon, 155, 245
Perls, Fritz, 209, 377-8, 387
Perry, William (Secretary of
Defense), 251
Persian Zoroastrianism, 114
Personality Assessment System
(PAS), 160
Petra, 112
Philip (Duke of Edinburgh), 252-
5408
Philippines, 318
Piero della Francesca, 170, 280
Pinochet, Augusto, 348
Plotner, Kurt, 155
Poetic Genius, 121
Pollock, Jackson, 48
Pope Pius XII, 319
Post-hypnotic suggestions, 163
Princeton Engineering Anomalies
Research, 87
Prouty, Col. Fletcher A., 312, 317-8
Psi, 94
Psychic, 50-51, 74, 92-3, 130, 159,
162, 287, 362-3, 386
Psychodrama, 230, 368, 378
Puhl, Emil, 152
Pythagorean, Pythagoreans, 57,
117
Oabbala (Kaballa), 57, 114
OKHILLTOP, 308
Queen of England, 254
Queen of Sheba, 170, 177
Quetzalcoatl of Mexico, 113
Quintessence, 139, 143, 179
Radiation Experiments, 44, 181-82
Radin, Dean, 92, 97, 162
Ramakrishna, 333
Raphael, 103, 193
Rather, Dan, 251
Reich, Wilhelm, 9-11, 229-30
Remote Precognitive Perception, 90
Resonance, 88-9, 100, 131
Rhine, J.B., 94
Ribicoff, Abraham, 314
Riefenstahl, Leni, 53, 156-7
Rimbaud, Arthur, 226
Rio Tinto Zinc, 247
Ritalin, 365
Rivas, Carlos Lehder, 153, 339
RNGs, 95
Rockefeller Foundation, 242
Rockefeller, David, 245, 251
Rolfing, 40
Roll, Eric, 245
Rolling Thunder, 276, 279
Roman Catholic Church, 2, 48, 81,
98, 103, 114, 170-3, 175, 186,
189, 192, 319
jon
Rappoport
Roosevelt, Franklin (President),
242
Rosen, Stanley, 262
Rosenberg, Alfred, 156, 319
Rosicrucians, 57, 137-8, 371-2
Rostow, Walter, 245
Runaway Capitalism, 218, 221
Rusk, Dean (Secretary of State),
245
Russell, Bertrand, 252
Safran, Nadar, 354
SAIC (Science Applications
International Corporation), 95
Saint Albert of Liege, 179
Saint Alexander of Rome, 179
Samkhya, 332
Samuel, Geoffrey, 125
Santa Monica College, 288
Saroyan, William, 349
sawyer, Diane, 251
Scheflin, Alan, 180
Schmitt, Harrison, 262
Schreiber, Walter (Major General),
156
Schuman, Carol, 72-82, 174
Schuman, Paul, 44, 72, 80-2, 85-6,
96, 98
Schwarze Orden (Cult of the Black
Order), 55
Schweiker, Richard S. (Senator),
306-8
Seal of Solomon, 138-9, 141, 143-
6, 149, 151, 158, 165
Sebottendorff, Rudolf von, 52
Secret Agenda, 312
Secret Elite Past, 53
Secret Society, 1-2, 36, 44, 48, 52,
55-60, 71, 102, 111, 118, 120-21,
132, 136-8, 146, 148, 151, 154,
156, 167, 170, 180, 189, 192, 198,
226, 259, 267, 269, 275, 311-12,
314, 317, 343, 348-51, 353-8,
363, 365, 367, 376
Seraphim, 172, 177
Seven Seals, 176
Shield of David, 138-9
simon Magus, 188
Simpson, Christopher, 155, 319
Simpson, John, 315409
The Secret Behind Secret Societies
Singer, Dorothea Waley, 99The Annunciation, 178
Sklar, Holly, 240, 316
Skorzeny, Otto, 155
Slow Burn, 160
Smith, Morton, 189-192
Social Darwinism, 290
Socialism, 63, 218, 221, 248The Ascension, 178
The Believers, 180
Sixteen Crucified Saviors, 113
Society of Jesus, 173
Solomon, King of Israel, 138-9,
141-6, 149, 151, 158, 162, 165,
170, 177
Solomonis, Magus Sigilli, 138
Sophocles, 81, 226
South Korea, 270
Soviet Union, 48-49, 60, 155, 315
Speer, Albert, 156
Spirit-Energy, 143, 145-7
Square of Flowers, 102
Sri Lanka, 253
SS, Waffen, 37, 48, 54-55, 70, 74—
75, 155-6, 319
Standard Oil of New Jersey, 152
Stanford Research Institute, 92,
95, 162
Star of Israel, 138
Star Wars, 260
Starcky, Abbe Jean, 86
Steinbeck, John, 349
The Appearance, 178
The Betrayal, 178
The Conscious Universe, 92, 162
The Crowning With Thorns, 178
The Entombment,
178
The Gods of Eden, 332
The Good Shepherd, 112, 178
The
The
The
The
Great Boycott, 351
Holy Eucharist, 178
Holy Family in Egypt, 178
Holy Innocents, 178
The Incarnation, 176, 178
The Laocoon Group, 121-2
The Mind Manipulators, 180
The Nativity, 176, 178
The Pierced Side, 178
The Raising of Lazarus, 178
The Resurrection, 178
The Return From Egypt, 178
The Sacrifice, 178
The Scourging, 178
The Seamless Coat, 178
The Search for the Manchurian
Candidate, 155, 181
The Second Coming, 178
The Secret Team, 312, 317
Stephanupolos, George, 251
Sterling Drug Corporation, 25
Suharto, Tien (President ofThe Song of Michael, 84
Sukarno (President of Indonesia),315, 318
Summerhill, 228-9, 231
Surrealism, 192, 208-9
Syria, 315, 339The Triumph of the Will, 53
The Triumphal Entry, 178
The Virgin Mother, 178
Theosophy, 142
Thule Society, 53
Tabor, James, 86Tisch, Laurence A., 251
Tantra, 125, 137
Tao, Taoism, 51, 80-81
Taoists, 78-80Townley, Michael, 155, 348
Indonesia) 315
Szent-Gyorgyi, Albert, 293
Tang Dynasty, 12
Tapline, 315
Tauboeck, Karl, 313
Teutons, 49
Thailand, 270
The Accusation, 178
The Tantric Mysticism of Tibet, 105
The Temptation, 178
The Traitor Revealed, 178
Tibet, 51, 105, 123-4, 142, 208,
317, 352, 378
Tobey, Mark, 206
Toxic Psychiatry, 365
Tradition of Imagination, 118,
120-1, 130-2, 170, 173, 185-8,
192, 194, 198, 206, 226, 228,
256-7, 259, 263, 275-7, 288, 293,
295, 297, 300
Treblinka, 320410
jon
Trevor-Roper, Hugh, 9, 189
Trilateral Commission, 240, 244—
8, 251, 267, 317
Trilateralism, 240, 316
True, Jack, 163, 361-91
TSS (Technical Services Staff), 308
Turner, Admiral Stansfield, 304—9
Ukrainian Intermarium,
Ukrainian Waffen SS, 319
319
Unholy Alliance, 52
Webber, F.R., 176
Weishaupt, Adam, 57
West, Louis, 381
Westrick, Gerhardt, 152
Wewelsburg Castle, 55
Whitman, Walt, 120, 130
Wisner, Frank, 312
Wolf, Valerie, 182, 400
Wolfe, Otto, 245
World Bank, 242, 270, 317
World Health Organization Pro-
Unilever, 254
United Fruit, 348
United Nations Charter, 242
ject, 253
Xanax, 367
University of Delaware, 313
Upward Delta, 233, 235-6
Yahweh, 190
Utopia, 49
Vajrayana, 123, 125
Rappoport
Valhalla, 49, 51
Van Gogh, Vincent, 58
Vance, Cyrus (Secretary of State),
245, 247, 251
Vatican, 70, 152, 319
Virishna, 113
Yingling, R.T., 347
Yoga, 297
Yogananda, 333
Zen, /9
Zoroastrianism, 114
von Liebenfels, Jorg Lanz, 52
Voyager, 259
About
the Author
An international investigative reporter for fifteen years,
JON RAPPOPORT is the author of AIDS INC., Oklahoma City
Bombing: The Suppressed Truth, Kill the Monster and Madalyn
Murray O’Hair. He has written and hosted radio programs on
politics and health in Los Angeles and Las Vegas, and in 1994
he ran for a seat in the U.S. Congress from the 29th District,
Los Angeles. His paintings have been shown in Los Angeles
and New York galleries, and are part of the permanent col-
lection of Santa Monica College. He is the host and writer of
anew television interview-series, The Truth About.
