
Windows Logo Changer v2.12 (WINLOGO)
------------------------------------

(c) Copyright, July 1994, Dr. A. Olowofoyeku.

Documentation
-------------

This program is a utility to facilitate the process
of making changes to the Windows start up logo. It
is written for MS-Windows 3.1, and contains both a 
DOS and a Windows module, all within the same
executable WINLOGO.EXE. If run from DOS, the DOS
module executes and if run from Windows, the Windows
module executes.

The program may or may not work correctly under Windows 3.0, and 
will most certainly NOT work under pre-3.0 versions of Windows.

The Windows startup logo is actually just a bitmap,
(in an RLE 4 encoded format) which is written into WIN.COM 
by Windows itself, or any other program, such as WINLOGO,
that can make changes to the startup logo. The process 
is a bit involved if done through Windows, and is far
from a straightforward business.  With WINLOGO, it simply 
involves selecting an RLE encoded bitmap from the menu,
and the program takes care of the rest. The whole process 
takes just about 5 seconds.


THE LOGO FILE
-------------
The default logo that Windows uses is called VGALOGO.RLE 
and exists in your Windows System directory. WINLOGO can 
always restore this if you choose it from the menu.
However, WINLOGO also allows you to have such things as 
company logos, funny pictures, and the like, as your 
Windows startup logo, instead of the boring one that is 
supplied with Windows itself. This is because any RLE 4 
encoded bitmap file would do just as well as the VGALOGO.RLE 
that resides in your Windows System directory. 

You would need some utility, such as WINGIF or PAINTSHOP PRO 
(both Shareware) to convert standard Windows Paintbrush
bitmap files into RLE 4 format. You can obtain copies
of WINGIF and PAINTSHOP PRO from bulletin boards or by
ANONYMOUS FTP from various ftp sites all over the world
(e.g., "micros.hensa" in the U.K., or "garbo.uwasa.fi"
in Finland; both are freely accessible).
 
NOTE: 
  [1] The required format for the bitmap is RLE 4 (not RLE 8)
      and the bitmap must not contain more than 16 colours.
  [2] The RLE file must not be bigger than 46k in size.
      Otherwise the WINCHG.COM file that will be built will
      not be usable. Windows will not be able to load it, or 
      even to start at all. If an RLE file selected from the 
      menu is too big, WINLOGO will inform you of this. 

Some sample RLE 4 bitmaps are supplied for you to play with. 
Most of them are third party bitmaps which I have simply 
converted from other formats to the RLE 4 encoded format. 
I personally cannot draw, so I do not have any original 
bitmaps of my own. 


THE NEW LOGO
------------
When you select a new logo, WINLOGO normally builds a
new Windows command file, and calls it "WINCHG.COM".
Thus to start Windows with the new logo, type "WINCHG"
instead of the usual "WIN". At the end of installation,
WINLOGO will ask if you want to overwrite the existing
WIN.COM file. You should normally answer "NO" to this
question unless you already have made a backup copy of
WIN.COM. You can always start Windows with your new logo
by typing "WINCHG".

If you are running from DOS, you can just supply the name
of the RLE file that you want to use as a parameter to
Winlogo;

e.g. "WINLOGO MYBABY.RLE"
      this will use MYBABY.RLE to create the new WINCHG.COM
      without having to load Windows first.


REGISTRATION
------------
WINLOGO is NOT a free program. It is distributed as a 
shareware program. For my purposes, this means that you get 
the program free and if you decide that you want to keep using
it, then you are legally and morally obliged to REGISTER your
copy. I have distributed the program in a completely uncrippled 
state, and there are no nagging messages. I am relying on users 
showing good faith and playing fair. This program took me a long 
time to develop and test, and I am not asking for much.

If you find WINLOGO useful and intend to keep using it, I
would ask you to please send the registration fee of œ7.50 
(7.50 British Pounds Sterling) or $10.50 (U.S. dollars).

Please forward the fee to me at the address below, or please
end it to you local REGISTRATION SITE (please see REGISTER.TXT
for a list of my world wide registration sites). Please fill in
the form in the file ORDER.FRM (or print the "REGISTRATION FORM"
section in the on-line help).


Payment of this fee confers the following benefits:-
	[a] The satisfaction of being an honest person.
	[b] A clear conscience.
        [c] Good vibes
        [d] You will be very cool indeed

If you feel that WINLOGO is not worth paying for, then I ask you
to please DELETE it from your disks immediately.

Please note that since this program is not crippled or disabled in
any way (and there are no nagging messages), NO DISKS will be sent
when you register.



DISCLAIMER
----------
The program WINLOGO is supplied AS IS. I do not guarantee
anything other than that it will probably not kill YOU. You
use WINLOGO at your own risk. I accept no responsibility for
any damage or loss, physical, financial, or otherwise, that may
result from the use, or purported use of WINLOGO, for any
purpose whatsoever.

If these terms are not acceptable to you, then you have NO
license to use or test WINLOGO. You should DELETE it from
your disks IMMEDIATELY.


For comments, bug reports, and payment, please contact;

Dr. A. Olowofoyeku
268 Horwood,
Newcastle,
Staffs ST5 5BQ
England,
U.K.


E-mail:
-------
Internet:   laa12@keele.ac.uk
	    chief@mep.com

Compuserve: 100415,3414


PRODUCTS
--------
Below are a list of other programs which you can obtain from me;

Shareware;
---------
[1] Windows Command Line Processor (WCL) :-
	This is a command line interface for Windows 3.0 and 3.1.
	It simulates the infamous DOS "C:>" prompt, from WITHIN
	Windows, and also duplicates most of the internal DOS
	commands. This is a FULL Windows program, and you get a
	prompt from which commands can be typed, just as under
	DOS. You can run any DOS or Windows program from this prompt,
	while at the same time having Program Manager in view for
	clicking on other programs with the mouse.

	WCL supports batch commands in Windows, and directory aliases.
	Other commands include COPY, DELETE, RENAME, MKDIR, RMDIR, DIR,
	TYPE, MORE, PRINT, CONCAT, TIME, DATE, HIDE, UNHIDE, TYPE-WRITE,
	FREE, SHELL, etc., and a host of others. Many of the commands
	behave exactly like their DOS counterparts, except that you do
	all this WITHIN Windows. The WCL window is just tucked away in a
	corner of the Windows desktop, and you can switch to it just by
	clicking on any part of it.

	With WCL, you may never need to invoke the "MSDOS PROMPT" again,
	and for basic functions like file copying, deleting, and renaming,
	creating, deleting and renaming directories, setting the system
	date or time, you will not need to load the file manager. This is
	a great program!

	[2] AUTO-CONFIG :-
	This is a DOS based automatic system configuration program. It
	manages multiple AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS for you, and
	whenever you need to change the system configuration in order to
	run a particular application, or whatever, all you need do is
	select from a menu, and AUTO-CONFIG will do the rest - update
	your AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS files with the new configuration
	AND reboot the computer. The program has a built in Editor to
	facilitate editing or creation of the different configurations.
	Every one needs this program!


Public Domain
-------------
	[1] METRIX :-
	This is a program which converts from Metric to Imperial
	measurements, and vice versa. e.g., Metres to Feet, Kilograms
	to Stones, etc. About 16 conversions are built into the program.
	There is a DOS version and a Windows version. The DOS version
	allows you to create your own conversion tables. I have not yet
	built this feature into the Windows version, and I may never do
	so.

	[2] SIMPLE-EDITOR :-
	This is a DOS based Text Editor for editing ASCII files of up
	to 64k. The keystrokes are Wordstar(tm) compatible. This is the
	same editor that it built into AUTO-CONFIG (see above).

