PENTHOUSE PC Calendar for WINDOWS Copyright 1994 Penthouse International
Limited.

The enclosed software product and this manual are copyrighted and all
rights are reserved by Penthouse International, Ltd.  No part of this
manual or any of the accompanying materials may be copied, reproduced,
or translated in any form of medium now present or by future invention
without the prior written consent of Penthouse International, Ltd.

PENTHOUSE is a registered trademark of Penthouse International, Ltd. All
elements of this program and manual are copyright 1994, Penthouse 
International, Ltd., all rights reserved.

PENTHOUSE PC Calendar for WINDOWS Copyright 1994 Penthouse International
Limited


                              Requirements

This calendar requires a 386 processor or better, WINDOWS 3.1 and a Super
VGA display capable of displaying 256 colors.   The video mode must be
640x480 no greater than 1024x768.

NOTE: The 256 color display driver must be installed to run this
      calendar.  If you do not have a 256 color display driver contact
      your dealer or manufacture for the appropriate display driver.

      This product has been tested to works well with a 256 color driver.
      Any device driver less than or greater than 256 colors will cause 
      distortion to the picture.


                              Installation

To install the calendar, you must be running WINDOWS 3.1 or later.  Type
WIN at the DOS prompt. Insert Disk 1 into drive A (or B).  From the menu
on the Program Manager chose File, Run. Type A:Setup.  Enter the desired
location where you would like to install the PENTHOUSE PC Calendar for
Windows. Click on OK or press enter to continue. Make sure the appropriate
disk is in the source drive before continuing installation.  


                               Beginning

To run the calendar program, click on the calendar icon.  The calendar
icon will be located in the PENTHOUSE 25th Anniversary PC Calendar group. If
you do not have a mouse go to the Program Manager.  Chose Window, 
PENTHOUSE 25th Anniversary PC Calendar.  Press enter to continue. 


                              Main Screen

On the main screen you will see the Menu Bar located on the top right
portion of the screen. Below the Menu bar you will see the +Month (next)
and -Month (previous) button on the top left side of the screen with the
Date bar in the center and a Goto button to the right. The Calendar grid
is located below these buttons. There is a picture of a beautiful
Penthouse Pet on the right that has four Picture Manipulation buttons to
the lower left of the Penthouse Pet.


                          Keys and Conventions

If you are a regular user of Windows products then you should be familiar
with shortcut keys.  The same principal apply to the Menu and the buttons
for this calendar.  If you are not familiar with shortcut keys consult
your Microsoft Windows Users Manual for details on how to use shortcut
key.


				File Menu

The File Menu contains two options.  The Printer setup option and the Exit
option.  The Printer setup option allow you to configure your printer to
the appropriate settings.  For more information on setting up your printer,
consult your user's guide for MS-Windows 3.1.  The Exit option allow you
to terminate the calendar program.  You must exit the calendar properly by
choosing Exit from the file menu or Close from the System menu.  Failure to
exit in the proper manner will cause corruption to the database files.


              Changing the date and entering the appointment book

To change the month, click on the +Month button or the -Month button. The
PAGE UP and PAGE DOWN keys can be used instead of the +Month button or the
-Month button respectively. Clicking on the middle of the Date bar will
reset the date to today's date, the HOME key can be used to do this as
well. Be sure that your computer's clock is set on the correct date. The
Goto Date button on the right of the Date bar will bring up a dialog box
that will allow a date to be entered, the INSERT key will bring up this
dialog as well.  To bring up this dialog using the menu, choose Edit/Date
from the menu bar.

There is a red box around the currently selected day within the Calendar
grid. By clicking on a particular day or using the ARROW keys to change
the day and pressing the ENTER key, the day is changed in the Date bar,
and you enter the Appointment book for that date. Choosing Edit
/Appointment from the menu will also give you access to the Appointment
Book.

To add an appointment, merely click on, or TAB to the appropriate
Appointment box and type your appointment information. Select the Save
button to save an appointment, delete to delete an appointment or cancel
to cancel modification of the appointment book.  The date marked with a
blue triangle, located in the lower right corner of the date grid,
indicates that an appointment has been set for that day. The Print button
is used to print the current appointment being viewed.



                  Entering and using the address book

To enter the Address book, simply select the Edit/Address item from the
menu. When the Address book comes up, you will see labels with the
appropriate information to it's right.  If your database is empty then
only the labels will appear. The Database Manipulation buttons are located
at the bottom of the Address Book dialog.  Each field will accept data in
a specific format.  The State field must contain two letters.  The Zip Code
field must be in the form of "#####" or "#####-####" where "#" represents a
number.  The Telephone field must include an area code.  The data must be in
the form of "(###)###-####" where "#" also represents a number.  Improper
data will cause the error Message "Invalid input".  Any of the fields are
allowed to be left blank.



                Using the database manipulation buttons

You may use the Find, Next or Previous buttons to choose the specific
record you wish to see. Once you are positioned properly, you may use the
Delete or Change button to remove or modify the record you have chosen.
You may also use the Add button to enter a new address into the Address
book. The Print button is used to print the current address being viewed.

Clicking on Find will allow you to enter the name to search for in the
address book into the Last Name field.  If it is not matched exactly,
you will be positioned at the next record. When you are finished with
the address book, you may exit back to the Main screen by choosing the
Quit button.

When using the Add or Change buttons, the Done button and the Cancel button
will open below the address field boxes. Clicking on the Done button will
complete your add or change to the record. Clicking on the Cancel button
will cancel the add or change to the record.


                          Picture manipulation

The photograph that appears when the calendar comes up is determined at
random. You may use the Next Picture and Prior Picture buttons to cycle
through the available photographs. Also, if you decide that you have a
favorite photograph, you can select the Lock Picture button, and that
photograph will be the one that comes up every time the calendar program
starts. To disable this, click the Unlock Picture button and the
photograph will be chosen at random once again.

One safety feature that has been built in is the "Boss Key" feature.
This is very useful for those times when discretion is necessary. Simply
click on the photograph, and it will immediately be replaced with an
innocuous Penthouse  logo. By clicking on the logo, you will once more be
presented with a photograph of a beautiful Penthouse Pet.  Pressing the
Escape key will perform the same function stated above.

If you select the View/Viewer option from the Menu bar, you will go to the
viewer/manager screen. From here you can customize the Calendar picture
viewing choices by selecting options that will either Delete,  Hide or
Unhide particular pictures.  If a picture is hidden, the text for the
picture appears in red text. Text for an unhidden picture appears in black
text. Hiding is reversible, however, killing is permanent! If you select the
View/Select option from the Menu bar a listing of the unhidden pictures
will be displayed. This option allows you to select a particular picture
that you would like to display in the picture viewing area.  Printing of
pictures are not supported by this calendar.